# Shopify Product Taxonomy - Attributes: 0.18.0
# Format: {GID} : {Attribute name}

gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2649 : AI-applikasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2703 : Dekktype for ATV/firehjuling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2184 : Klebende materiale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1460 : Absintstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1461 : Absintvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/894  : Absorberingsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2972 : Absorberende hygieneproduktegenskaper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2529 : Akademisk nivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2956 : Tilbehørsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/50   : Tilbehørsstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2461 : Stemming av trekkspill
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1598 : Aktiv ingrediens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2995 : Klesfunksjoner for aktive plagg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/5    : Aktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1547 : Design på aktivitetssporer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1543 : Format på akupunkturmodell
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1544 : Type akupunkturmodell
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3376 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for animasjonsprogramvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3378 : Ekstra designprogramvaretype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3373 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for økonomiprogramvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3377 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for grafikkprogramvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3379 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for publiseringsprogramvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3372 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for sikkerhetsprogramvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2319 : Type klebemiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3354 : Produktform for aftershave
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/30   : Aldersgruppe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2274 : Aldersbegrensninger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2708 : Luftfriskerform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3182 : Luftmadrassfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3329 : Airbrushfôrtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3328 : Airbrushdriftsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2287 : Albumtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1362 : Varslingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1451 : Allergeninformasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1577 : Allergentesttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1631 : Allergener
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3138 : Allergivennlige funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1800 : Forsterkerklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2690 : Høyttalerkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1808 : Egnet plassering for forsterker/booster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1258 : Ankertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2198 : Bruk av anemometer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1883 : Støttede vinkler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1289 : Fiskestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2550 : Form for dyrefôr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1308 : Dyretype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1828 : Antennetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3340 : Anti-aldrende hudpleietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2710 : Type frostvæske
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1316 : Bruksmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1639 : Applikatormateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3344 : Applikatortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2314 : Form på applikasjon/lapping
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2980 : Akvariumsfilterfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1708 : Lysspektrum for akvarie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3228 : Overvannsboksdesign til akvarier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1302 : Bueskytingsaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2888 : Bueskytingsutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1303 : Bueskytingstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2496 : Ordning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2883 : Pilflettende materiale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2969 : Pil-/boltmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2299 : Kunstfiksativ påføringsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2386 : Kunststil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2930 : Kunst- og håndverksmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2796 : Kunstrammemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2666 : Kunsttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3387 : Assistert bremseteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1737 : Festemetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/844  : Festealternativer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1267 : Festetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1806 : D/A-konverter til lyd (Dac)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1822 : Støttede Lydkodeker/formater
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1813 : Lydtilkobling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3309 : Lydmiksertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1801 : Lydutgangskanal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1802 : Lydutgangsformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3066 : Lydspiller-/opptakerfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1818 : Lydformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1803 : Lydteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3074 : Lyd-/skannekonverteringsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3370 : Autentiseringsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2374 : Autentisitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2016 : Autofokusmoduser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2613 : Autoklav-steriliseringsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2361 : Autograftype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2583 : Automasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2526 : Utmerkelsesdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2525 : Utmerkelsesanledning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1426 : Konstruksjonstype for markise
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2823 : Markisedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1836 : Bios-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1759 : Emballasje for babydrikke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1758 : Smak på babymat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1761 : Format på morsmelkerstatning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1717 : Inkluderte babygaveartikler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1720 : Inkluderte artikler for babyhelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3026 : Babymonitorfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1762 : Smak på babysnacks
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1763 : Tekstur på babysnacks
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2997 : Baby- og barneklærfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3029 : Sikkerhetsfunksjoner for baby-/småbarnsutstyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3103 : Møbelsettfunksjoner for baby og småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3318 : Møbelvarer for baby og småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3254 : Hattestil for baby og småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3247 : Ullstil for baby og småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3107 : Setefunksjoner for baby og småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3246 : Sovestil for baby og småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1531 : Ryggtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2047 : Bakgrunnsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2185 : Bakmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1527 : Type ryggstøtte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2958 : Veskelukking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2222 : Veskestropp-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3365 : Veskestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2725 : Vesketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3006 : Veske-/eskefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2784 : Veske-/eskemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3258 : Oppbevaringsfunksjoner for veske/eske
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3100 : Bakeartikler medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3360 : Bakeutstyrsartikler medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1394 : Bakevareartikler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2813 : Bakeutstyrsform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1486 : Bakeformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2812 : Bakepapirmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2844 : Ballmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1206 : Ballstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2505 : Varer til ballongsett medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2506 : Ballongform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2242 : Båndstyrke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2507 : Bannerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2860 : Barmonteringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1902 : Grensesnitt for strekkodeskannere
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1903 : Strekkode støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1648 : Tønnemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3359 : Barartikler medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2810 : Barmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1660 : Grunnolje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1471 : Basesprit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1795 : Grunntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1970 : Balltype for baseball/softball
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2798 : Kurvmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2846 : Basketballustyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2462 : Konfigurasjon av bassknapp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2845 : Slagmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1209 : Standard balltre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3319 : Baderomsmøbler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2141 : Grunndesign for badekar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3117 : Badekarfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2142 : Fasong på badekarskjørt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2398 : Batongrepsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1926 : Battericelletype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3087 : Batterifunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3196 : Batteristyringssystemer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1682 : Batteristørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1856 : Batteriteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1571 : Batteritype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2318 : Perleform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2401 : Taktunderinndelinger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1546 : Sengebunntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3108 : Senge-/rammefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1441 : Sengetøy inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1259 : Sengetøystørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1453 : Ølstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1454 : Ølvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2579 : Bjelledesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2580 : Bjellelyd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2721 : Beltetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/41   : Beste bruksområder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2213 : Skråkanttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1976 : Form på drikkevareprodukt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1771 : Utforming på smokk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1275 : Sykkelbremsetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3184 : Sykkelfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2233 : Ringpermform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1319 : Bindende feste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2237 : Bindingsstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2959 : Kikkert- og monokulardesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3122 : Tilbehørsfunksjoner for biometrisk overvåkning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3218 : Fuglebur/stativdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3219 : Fuglematform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3220 : Ingredienser for fuglemat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3221 : Fuglegodbitstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2508 : Bursdagslysdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3293 : Bursdagslystype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3099 : Bitter variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1220 : Bladkurve
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2189 : Bladdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1388 : Bladmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1251 : Bladtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2614 : Blandingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2808 : Persienne-/skyggestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1578 : Komponenter til blodprøvesett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1255 : Brett med konkav form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3191 : Brettspillfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2759 : Brettspillmekanikk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2092 : Bordmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2264 : Monteringstype for bord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1256 : Brettprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2267 : Bordoverflate
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1312 : Type brett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2754 : Båttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1563 : Kroppsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3259 : Kroppssmykketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2190 : Kroppsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3331 : Kroppsmalings-/foundationtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1678 : Hårtype for kropps- og ansiktshår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1371 : Kjelesystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2123 : Boltform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2538 : Bokomslagstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2966 : Bok-/filomslagsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2230 : Bokmerkedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2231 : Bokmerkeform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1204 : Støvelstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1284 : Støveltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2015 : Inspeksjoskameradesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2390 : Type flaskelukking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1768 : Flaskedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1691 : Flasketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3044 : Flaskevarmer/sterilisatorfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2221 : Flaske/beholderlukking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2938 : Buehårmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2970 : Buemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3187 : Bue- og armbrøstfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2726 : Bokstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1195 : Type BH-lukking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1196 : BH-dekning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2996 : BH-funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1191 : Type BH-stropp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3250 : BH-stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1192 : BH-støttenivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3260 : Armbånddesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2115 : Brakett/støttedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1462 : Brandy-variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1663 : Sertifiseringer for pustespray
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3090 : Bro/ruter avanserte funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2228 : Lysstyrkenivåer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1408 : Bustmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1603 : Bustform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2885 : Brehodet/feltpunktmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3279 : Børstepåføring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1613 : Bruk av børstehode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2792 : Børstemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2346 : Børstestørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1685 : Børstetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1391 : Pluggtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2912 : Byggeplatemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2076 : Form av forbruksmateriell for bygg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3397 : Byggeleketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1437 : Type pærelokk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1438 : Pæreform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1435 : Pærestørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2573 : Bulldoserbladtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2632 : Kulebeskyttelsesnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3068 : Oksehornfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2566 : Bullionform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1292 : Bakhettemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2295 : Type knapp/klikk-lukking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3123 : CBD-ingredienser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1790 : Type skap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2908 : Kabelhusmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1892 : Kabelskjerming
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1276 : Kabeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2720 : Burtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3368 : Kalkulatortilbehørstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3159 : Kalkulatorfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2238 : Kalenderformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3153 : Kalender-/organiseringsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3390 : Kamsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2018 : Kamera HD-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2006 : Kameratilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2002 : Kameraknapp/knotttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2000 : Kamerakontrolltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2017 : Kameravisningsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3062 : Kamerafunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1997 : Kamerautstyrstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1979 : Kameraobjektiv
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1995 : Kameramonteringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1998 : Kamerasensortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1330 : Kameraform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2277 : Varer til stearinlyssett medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2836 : Lysmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2801 : Lysform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2278 : Stearinlystype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1494 : Variant av hermetisert kjøtt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1431 : Baldakinmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2334 : Lerretfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2928 : Lerretsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2335 : Lerrett-tekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2709 : Luftfriskerduft til bil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1742 : Montering av bilsete
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1743 : Retning på bilsete
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2746 : Biltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1266 : Type karabinerport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2872 : Karabinkrokform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2366 : Kortattributter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2521 : Kortdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2517 : Kortformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2520 : Kortholderdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3312 : Installasjon av kort/adapter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2336 : Vedlikeholdsinstruksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2226 : Bærealternativer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1746 : Bæreposisjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1984 : Bæretype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2597 : Vognutforming
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2749 : Vogntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1825 : Kassetttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1798 : Etuitype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2691 : Kassettadaptertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1699 : Aldersgruppe for katter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1702 : Formulering for kattesand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2320 : Feiringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/98   : Kjedelenketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2728 : Kjedetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3049 : Stol-/sofafunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2265 : Tavleoverflate
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3035 : Funksjoner for stellematter og -bord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2714 : Ladertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2682 : Ladekabeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2683 : Ladenivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1870 : Chassistype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2055 : Kjemisk påføring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2058 : Kjemisk beholdertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2611 : Kjemisk kvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2057 : Kjemisk produktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2612 : Kjemisk renhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2056 : Kjemiske sikkerhetsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2552 : Kyllingfôrstadium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2874 : Barneseteplassering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2574 : Flisemaskinteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2596 : Design av kiropraktikkbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2192 : Borholdertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1502 : Sigarstyrke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3070 : Kretskortfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2164 : Strømbrytertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2163 : Form på sikringsskap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2165 : Strømbrytertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2482 : Klarinett-toneart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/108  : Type lås
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1655 : Klodesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2954 : Leire/glatt tekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2735 : Rensemiddelformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1779 : Rengjøringsinstruksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1387 : Rengjøringsformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1378 : Rengjøring av overflater
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2733 : Klosstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1268 : Klatreaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2248 : Klipptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3388 : Klipper/trimmertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1442 : Lukkestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/80   : Lukketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2779 : Klestilbehørsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3001 : Klesfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1298 : Klubb undersett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1299 : Klubbtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2070 : Påføring av belegg/fugemasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2509 : Design på cocktaildekorasjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1490 : Kaffefløtevariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1398 : Kaffeinngangstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1977 : Form på kaffeprodukt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1477 : Kaffebrenning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1413 : Kaffe-/tesettdeler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1509 : Spoletilkobling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2931 : Myntmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2861 : Kragelåstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2011 : Enhet kompatibel med krage/feste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2012 : Krage/festedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1    : Farge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1962 : Standarder for fargenøyaktighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1989 : Fargemetning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3072 : Kommunikasjonsenhetsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2555 : Kommunikasjonsprotokoller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2871 : Kompasstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1888 : Kompatibel Hdcp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2679 : Kompatibel flytype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2412 : Kompatibel forsterker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1705 : Kompatibelt akvarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1764 : Kompatibel utforming på babyflaske
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1749 : Kompatibel bærevesketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1752 : Kompatibel babystoltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1751 : Kompatibel babytransporttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1212 : Kompatibel balltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1924 : Kompatibel batteriteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1231 : Kompatible benkposisjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1270 : Kompatibel sykkeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2396 : Kompatibelt messinginstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2452 : Kompatibel klarinetttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1600 : Kompatible kosmetiske verktøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1930 : Kompatibel enhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2426 : Kompatibel trommekonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2416 : Kompatibelt elektrisk/akustisk instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1905 : Kompatibel elektronisk korttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1232 : Kompatible øvelser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1944 : Kompatibel filament
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2042 : Kompatibel filmtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2456 : Kompatibel fløytetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1967 : Kompatibelt spillformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1420 : Kompatibelt hageverktøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1430 : Kompatibel hammockutforming
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2457 : Kompatibel munnspilltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2409 : Kompatibelt instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2421 : Kompatibel tastaturkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1605 : Kompatibel sminke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2019 : Kompatible minnekort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1794 : Kompatibel mikrofontråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1898 : Kompatibel hovedkortformfaktor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2458 : Kompatibel obotype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2443 : Kompatibelt orkesterstrenginstrumenter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2590 : Kompatibel pasientprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2423 : Kompatibelt perkusjonsinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2774 : Kompatibel type lekekjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2692 : Kompatibel spiller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2338 : Kompatibel skriver
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1837 : Kompatibel prosessorserie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2642 : Kompatible programmeringsspråk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1402 : Kompatible oppskrifter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1968 : Kompatibel oppløsning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1748 : Kompatibel setetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2667 : Kompatibel programvareplattform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2524 : Kompatibel spesialeffektenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3148 : Kompatibel komfyrtopptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2433 : Kompatibelt strenginstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1750 : Kompatibel vogntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1369 : Kompatibel vakuumtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1714 : Kompatibelt kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1588 : Kompatibelt utstyr for ganghjelp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1235 : Kompatibelt vektløftingstilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2643 : Samsvarssertifiseringer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1831 : Type komponentutgang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1829 : Komponentpakketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1966 : Kompresjonsformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1595 : Kompresjonsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1897 : Inkludert datamaskintilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1871 : Datamaskinskjema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3078 : Dataserverfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3077 : Dataspesialiserte funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2463 : Konfigurasjon av konsertinaknapp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2360 : Betingelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1652 : Balsameffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1557 : Type kondom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2144 : Koblingstråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2028 : Tilkoblingsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1811 : Tilkoblingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1272 : Tilkoblingsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2129 : Koblingsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1830 : Koblingskjønn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1969 : Konsollsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1629 : Konstitutive ingredienser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2770 : Byggesett-tema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1990 : Kontrast
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1955 : Kontrastforhold (typisk)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2413 : Kontrollfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2558 : Kontrollmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1359 : Kontrollteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1331 : Kontrolltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2556 : Kontrollerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2559 : Drivtype for kontroller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1986 : Konverterfunksjonalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2584 : Transportørdrift
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1493 : Matlagingsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1487 : Matvin-variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3361 : Stekeartikler medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3147 : Steke-/bakeutstyrsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2811 : Steke-/bakeutstyrsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1872 : Kjøleteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2118 : Kabelfestesystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3155 : Korrigeringsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2494 : Corsage/Boutonni√®re-design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1857 : Kosmetisk tilstand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1614 : Kosmetisk finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1630 : Kosmetisk funksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2564 : Kostymetema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2577 : Benkeutforming
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2364 : Land
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1784 : Utforming på teppelukking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3012 : Dekselfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1341 : Dekkmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2707 : Bokomslagstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2659 : Dekningsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3277 : Hobbykutter/pregetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3278 : Hobbydekorasjonsmakertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2345 : Hobbyknivblad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3273 : Piperenserdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2321 : Kunstprosjekttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2329 : Prosjekttype for håndverk/skulptering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3015 : Håndverksramme/bårefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3013 : Håndverksmatte-/putefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2873 : Broddfestetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2293 : Kreativ kunstprosjekttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3104 : Funksjoner for vugger og barnesenger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2849 : Cricketutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1589 : Krykketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2375 : Krystallsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1239 : Køstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1240 : Køtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1241 : Køtrekk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1495 : Mat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1447 : Kulinarisk botanisk navn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/17   : Koppstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1650 : Krølltangtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1791 : Valuta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2610 : Valutatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2654 : Kundestøttekanaler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3367 : Kutteralternativer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1422 : Kuttemetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1278 : Syklestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3069 : DJ-utstyrsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3310 : DJ-programvarekompatibilitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1858 : Datanettverk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2782 : Dekorasjonsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2348 : Dekorativt stempeldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2365 : Benevnelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3349 : Tanntrådform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1664 : Tykkelsenivå for tanntråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3350 : Tanntrådtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3351 : Bittskinne anbefalt bruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1665 : Sertifiseringer for tannvern
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2563 : Tannpastasmak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2561 : Tannpleieartikler medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1667 : Grunnfarge på tannprotese
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3352 : Protesedekning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3353 : Protesedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1668 : Farge på tannprotese
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2650 : Utplasseringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3154 : Pultorganiseringsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1570 : Detaljerte ingredienser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1579 : Detekterbare legemidler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3357 : Detektordriftsmodus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2582 : Detektorfølsomhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1368 : Detektortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3027 : Utviklingsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/845  : Enhetsgrensesnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2197 : Enhetsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3392 : Behendighetsferdigheter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3364 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for bleiepose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1754 : Komponenter i bleiesett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3037 : Bleieorganiseringsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1757 : Bleiestørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1573 : Bleietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2761 : Terningform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1834 : Dielektrisk type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1452 : Kostholdspreferanser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3098 : Kosttilskudd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1567 : Kostholdsbruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2768 : Vanskelighetsgrad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2048 : Luftfukterdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1809 : Digital lydbehandling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1414 : Servisedeler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1379 : Metode for separering av smuss
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2575 : Utløpstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2662 : Diskformattype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1384 : Dispensertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3166 : Visningstavlefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1730 : Fargemodus for skjerm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3176 : Visningsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2046 : Displaymodus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2548 : Vis anbefalt bruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1334 : Skjermoppløsning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2622 : Visningsskiltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1248 : Skjermteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3054 : Engangshanskefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2994 : Funksjoner for engangs-/gjenbrukbare poser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2950 : Engangs-/gjenbruksmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3386 : Dykkecomputer inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2866 : Dykkeregulatorstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2864 : Utstyr for dykking og snorkling inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1703 : Aldersgruppe for hunder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3225 : Hundebleietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3226 : Hundeleketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3399 : Dukketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3192 : Dukke-/lekesettfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2080 : Dørlukkingdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2085 : Finish for dørkarm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2089 : Dørglassfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3322 : Dørisolasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2086 : Dørknappfunksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1520 : Dørmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2087 : Plassering av dørstopper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1724 : Utforming av dørstopper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2090 : Egnet dørplassering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2091 : Overflatebehandling av dør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1521 : Dørtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2960 : Påføring av dør/karm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1747 : Dobbel barnevognkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2146 : Avløpssted
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2280 : Varer til tegning/malingsett medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3014 : Kjoleformfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3244 : Kjoleanledning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3245 : Kjolestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3120 : Drillfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2604 : Boremetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2605 : Orientering av borerigg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2820 : Drikkevaremateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1415 : Glass og kopper inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2217 : Stasjonsstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2576 : Drivetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2470 : Trommelkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3287 : Justerbarhet for trommelmaskinvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2934 : Trommelmaskinvaremateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1492 : Variant av tørre bønner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1380 : Tørr-/våtrens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2134 : Tørketeknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1601 : Tørkehastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3326 : Kanaldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2135 : Kanalform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1950 : Duplexing-teknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3111 : Holdbarhetsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1381 : Støvbeholdertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2638 : Støvmasketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1223 : Dynamisk nivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1878 : Støttede e-bokformater
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1510 : E-sigarett/damperstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1506 : E-Liquid-smak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1507 : E-Liquid-variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2904 : E-leservisningsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2672 : ESRB-vurdering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3197 : EV-batterifunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2688 : Elbil-batteritype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2686 : Elbilkontakt/adaptertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2687 : Komponenter i elbilkonverteringssett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3132 : Ørepleiepåføringsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3064 : Øretelefonfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1636 : Bruk av ørepropper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3261 : Øreringdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2078 : Kantstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2818 : Kanttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2657 : Utdanningsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1353 : Eggdekorasjonsartikler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3296 : Eggvending
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3292 : Elektroniske trommekomponenter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2927 : Utsmyknings/trimmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2288 : Utsmykninger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2327 : Pregingsprosjekttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2454 : Munnstykkehullform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1363 : Nødartikler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2623 : Utforming av nød-/sikkerhetsskilt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1945 : Innkapslingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1370 : Energieffektivitetsklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1956 : Energieffektivitetsklasse (Hdr)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1957 : Energieffektivitetsklasse (Sdr)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2175 : Motordesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2176 : Motorformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2694 : Motortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2527 : Gravering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3156 : Konvoluttfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2514 : Konvoluttforseglingsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2371 : Era
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1936 : Ethernet LAN-grensesnitttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1372 : Fordampningsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2275 : Hendelsestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2859 : Treningsutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2858 : Treningsutstyrsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2979 : Treningsmaskinfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1838 : Utvidelsesspor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2026 : Eksponeringskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2492 : Utvidet saksofonutvalg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3051 : Eksterne defibrillatorfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1365 : Klassifisering av brannslukningsapparat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1366 : Type brannslukningsmiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1404 : Ekstraksjonstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1609 : Stil på uttrekksspiss
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1656 : Form på øyepute
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1618 : Øyenskyggeeffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1602 : Utforming for påføring av falske øyevipper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2833 : Øyevippmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3333 : Øyevipptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2946 : Okular-/adaptermateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3257 : Design på brilleinnfatning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2842 : Brilleinnfatningsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2841 : Linsemateriale på brille
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2777 : Stoff
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3276 : Stoffstruktur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3342 : Ansiktsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3335 : Ansiktspuddertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3406 : Frontplatedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2625 : Utforming av anleggsskilt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3337 : Påføringsmetode for falske negler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2122 : Festefinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2926 : Festemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1219 : Festetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1479 : Fettinnhold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2145 : Krangjenger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2989 : Egenskaper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2261 : Fôrsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1851 : Fottype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3133 : Sanitærutstyrsfunksjoner for kvinner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2107 : Gjerdekomponenter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2310 : Type fiberkunstprosjekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3301 : Feltflathet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2663 : Filformattype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2832 : Filform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1342 : Fyllmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1343 : Fyllstøtte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2715 : Fylltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1361 : Filmpåføringsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1991 : Filmformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2027 : Filmtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2816 : Filtermateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1706 : Filtertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1953 : Filtreringsmoduser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2633 : Filtreringsklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2865 : Finnemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1250 : Finnelommetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1254 : Finneprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1906 : Metode for fingeravtrykkregistrering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1346 : Finialform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2062 : Fullførelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3358 : Brannslukningsutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1514 : Fasthet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1712 : Komponenter i førstehjelpssett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1562 : Bruksområde for førstehjelpssett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3265 : Stil på første skritt og krabbing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1709 : Fisketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1293 : Fiskestangaksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1294 : Fiskestangkraft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2880 : Fisketrådmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/35   : Passform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2696 : Type passform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1352 : Fikseringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1347 : Flaggform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2719 : Flammetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3400 : Flash-korttema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1993 : Blitsmoduser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1994 : Blitstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2915 : Blinkemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3266 : Flat skostil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2821 : Bestikkmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1416 : Bestikkdeler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1458 : Smak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2387 : Smaksprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1320 : Fleksibilitetsvurdering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3274 : Blomstertråddesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1484 : Mel/Korntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1765 : Type strømningshastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3356 : Fluetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2522 : Væsketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2157 : Spylesystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2484 : Fløytekonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2307 : Skumform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1981 : Fokusjustering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1996 : Fokusenhetstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1982 : Fokustype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2262 : Brettetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1744 : Brettemekanisme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2669 : Skrifttypestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2814 : Matposemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1410 : Matdispensertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1978 : Form på matvareprodukt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2815 : Matoppbevaringsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2670 : Opptakstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2427 : Type fotbrett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2783 : Fottøymateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1392 : Format støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1760 : Formelnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2376 : Fossiltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2895 : Foundationmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1637 : Duft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1755 : Duftnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2266 : Rammedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3137 : Rammestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3300 : Frekvenstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2201 : Frekvensvekting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1804 : Frekvens/radiobånd støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1478 : Fruktkilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2109 : Drivstofftilsetninger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3114 : Funksjoner for drivstoffbeholder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2110 : Drivstoffklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2113 : Drivstoffrenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1927 : Drivstoffkilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2177 : Drivstofftilførsel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3102 : Møbel-/armaturfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2786 : Møbel-/armaturmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2660 : GPS-kompatibel enhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3088 : GPS-enhetsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3374 : GPS-karttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3375 : GPS-programvarefokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2510 : Spillkomponenter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2511 : Spillvanskelighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3190 : Spillfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2512 : Spillnavn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2760 : Spillferdigheter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1245 : Inkluderte spill
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1417 : Hagebruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1375 : Utforming på klesdamper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2962 : Gasser oppdaget
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1727 : Monteringstype for port
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2697 : Måletype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2843 : Girmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1290 : Girutveksling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1282 : Girtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1488 : Gelstyrke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2535 : Sjanger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2377 : Geologisk æra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2502 : Håndtakdesign på gavepose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1718 : Format på gavesett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1463 : Gin-variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2302 : Glaseringsfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2106 : Glasseringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3019 : Limpistolfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3281 : Limpistolteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1625 : Limstyrke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1972 : Golfballtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2882 : Golfutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2367 : Gradering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1992 : Korn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2391 : Druevariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1873 : Type grafikkort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3313 : Tilbehør til grafikknettbrett inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3081 : Spesialfunksjoner for grafikknettbrett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2897 : Grus-/substratmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1405 : Fettfiltermateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2428 : Greptekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1216 : Greptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2186 : Korntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1721 : Format på pleiesett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3288 : Gitarbeslag-/deltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2479 : Gitarstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2098 : Monteringstype for renne
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3112 : Rennestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1959 : Hdr-format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2137 : VVS-kontrolltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2898 : Habitatmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1645 : Hårpleiefinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3346 : Hårpleieartikler medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1647 : Hårpleieteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3332 : Hårfarge/skygge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1643 : Hårtapstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3347 : Hårklippstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3348 : Hårstylingartikler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3135 : Hårstylingverktøysfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1199 : Hårtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2920 : Hammerhodemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1208 : Håndside
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3183 : Håndvarmertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2581 : Låstype for håndjern
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2194 : Håndtakdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1669 : Tekstur på håndtaksgrep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1295 : Håndtaksmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1597 : Håndtakstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1849 : Håndsetttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3003 : Håndklesfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2780 : Håndklesmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3255 : Håndklestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1530 : Utforming på hengestol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1459 : Cidervariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3086 : Harddiskfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3314 : Harddiskformfaktor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3315 : Harddiskinstallasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2634 : Hjelmklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2255 : Hardhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2081 : Maskinvarefinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2790 : Maskinvaremateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2132 : Monteringstype av maskinvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2094 : Løvtrekvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1269 : Type selelukking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2481 : Harpestørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2093 : Egnet lukeplassering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2636 : Hazmat-draktdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2485 : Hodeplatedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1807 : Type hodetelefonkontakt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1814 : Hodetelefonstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3004 : Hodeplaggfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3124 : Høreapparatfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2828 : Høreapparatmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1654 : Varmefunksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1485 : Varmenivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1649 : Varmeinnstillinger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2825 : Varmekilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1499 : Oppvarmingsinstruksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1772 : Oppvarmingsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1773 : Oppvarmingshastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/128  : Hælhøyde-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3267 : Hælskotype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2404 : Høydejustering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2639 : Hjelmskyggedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2717 : Festepunktklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1274 : Koblingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2852 : Hockeyutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1646 : Holdnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2130 : Krokdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2352 : Krokgrep-design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2353 : Krokstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2731 : Kroktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1288 : Bøyleform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1286 : Hestekategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2879 : Hesterøktingsutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2919 : Slangemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1919 : Vertsgrensesnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3317 : Oppbevaringsalternativer for hub/bryter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3289 : Luftfukterdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1450 : Fuktighetskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3297 : Fuktighetskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3391 : Jaktblinddesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2870 : Design på jakt- og overlevelseskniver
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1565 : Type ispose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2664 : Ikontype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2169 : Tenningssystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2620 : Belysningsteknikk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2020 : Støttede bildeformater
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1999 : Bildesensorstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2718 : Startsperretype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2282 : Røkelsesduft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3270 : Varer til røkelsessett medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2283 : Type røkelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2651 : Bransjefokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1715 : Aldersgruppe for babyer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3385 : Inflasjonsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1569 : Ingredienskategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2449 : Ingrediensopprinnelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1385 : Ingredienser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2347 : Blekkpåføringsteknikk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2301 : Blekkform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2305 : Blekktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1310 : Rulleskøytestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2419 : Inn-/utgangsporter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1899 : Instruksjonssettarkitektur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2933 : Instrumenttilbehørsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1908 : Type instrumentkontroller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2940 : Instrumentmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2936 : Instrumentdelemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2937 : Instrumentstrengmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3285 : Instrumentstøttetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2776 : Finish på instrument/tilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2913 : Isolasjonsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2063 : Tiltenkt bruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2466 : Grensesnitttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1874 : Formfaktor for intern stasjon støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3000 : Intime klesfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2689 : Omformertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2518 : Personaliseringsdesign for invitasjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3142 : Strykefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2680 : Varetilstand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2948 : Varemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2493 : Elementstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1237 : J-Cup-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3275 : Smykkefunntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2781 : Smykkemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2313 : Smykkeprosjekttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2285 : Smykkesett-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/60   : Smykketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3172 : Leddtilkobling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3173 : Leddoverflatetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1242 : Skjøtestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3382 : Hoppetaudesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2765 : Materiale for hoppoverflate
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1824 : Karaokemoduser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2112 : Bruk av parafin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2138 : Nøkkelformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2473 : Tastaturhandling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1909 : Tastaturformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3291 : Tastaturtasttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1911 : Tastaturoppsett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1914 : Tastaturporttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3082 : Tastaturspesialiserte funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1912 : Tastaturbrytertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1879 : Tastaturtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1335 : Tastaturstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2383 : Type konstruksjonssett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1411 : Kjøkkenutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3320 : Møbelvarer for kjøkken og spiserom inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1253 : Kitesurfing-stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1263 : Knivtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2953 : Prosjekttype for strikking/polstring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2414 : Knappfunksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2415 : Knottstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2116 : Knott/håndtakdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1885 : Lnb-utgang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1886 : Lnb-teknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3011 : Merkeprosjekttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2615 : Laboratoriefryserdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2851 : Lacrosseutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2732 : Stigetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3369 : Lamineringsmodus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2041 : Lampetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1733 : Språk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2536 : Språkversjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2270 : Laserlyskilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2196 : Bruk av dreiebenk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3145 : Vaskemiddelfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2254 : Blyantklassifisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3233 : Bånddesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2330 : Skinn/vinyltekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2271 : Monteringstype for Lectern
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1852 : Type benlås
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1853 : Benseksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1985 : Kompatibel enhet for objektivdeksel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1693 : Objektivbelegg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2249 : Objektivkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1987 : Objektivfiltereffekter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1988 : Objektivfiltertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/77   : Objektivpolarisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3303 : Linseoppbevaringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1694 : Objektivtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2957 : Linse-/lysbildemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2646 : Lisenstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1786 : Lokktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3175 : Redningsvestfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2229 : Lysfestetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1360 : Lyskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2008 : Lett design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2021 : Lyseksponeringsmodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2050 : Lysfiltrering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1740 : Lysalternativer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1333 : Lyskilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1574 : Lysspektrum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1244 : Lystemperatur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2742 : Lystype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2982 : Lysfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3056 : Lysalternativer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2247 : Alternativer for linjeavstand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2729 : Linje/tautype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1621 : Lipgloss-effekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3336 : Liplinerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1622 : Leppestifteffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1464 : Likørvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2551 : Ingredienser for husdyrmat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2117 : Lastkapasitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2723 : Type lasterampe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1374 : Lastetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2738 : Låsplassering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1236 : Låstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1726 : Låsemekanisme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2388 : Lovibond
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1676 : Påføring av smøremiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1677 : Sammensetning av smøremiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2060 : Type smøremiddeldispenser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2397 : Smøremiddelform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2914 : Trelast/trevirketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2407 : Vedleggstype for lyre/flip-mappe 
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2430 : Midi-tilkobling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1797 : Inkludert tilbehør til MP3-spiller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2547 : Mpaa-vurdering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1350 : Magnettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2616 : Forstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3334 : Sminkefarge/skygge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3130 : Sminkefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2935 : Hammermateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2681 : Produsenttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3089 : Marine navigatorfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2256 : Markeringstuppdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1619 : Mascaraeffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1594 : Masketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2910 : Murverkmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2061 : Murerproduktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2839 : Massasjesteintekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1528 : Massasjeteknikk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2964 : Mattebunnmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2788 : Matte-/teppeform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4    : Materiale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2148 : Materialfasthet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1222 : Materialhardhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3002 : Mammaklærfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3252 : Stil på nattøy for gravide
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3109 : Madrassfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2617 : Maksimal forstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1550 : Målemetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1554 : Måletype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1496 : Kjøttdel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1500 : Kjøttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2539 : Mediatilgang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2546 : Medieinnholdstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1823 : Medieformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2542 : Medieseksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2540 : Medietema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3126 : Medisinske alarmfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3330 : Medisinsk identifikasjonstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2601 : Medisinsk sprøyteformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2826 : Medisinsk tapemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2963 : Medisin-/kosttilskuddsform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2362 : Medium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2487 : Melodikastil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1900 : Minnekanaler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1875 : Minneformfaktor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2031 : Type minnelagring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1840 : Minneteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1638 : Form på menskopp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3050 : Metalldetektorfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2131 : Bruk av metallstøping
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2741 : Målertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1551 : Støttede målinger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1796 : Mikrofontråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1815 : Mikrofontype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2378 : Mineralklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2618 : Minimal forstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2560 : Speilhåndtak-design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1827 : Blandertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1736 : Mobil monteringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1738 : Mobil bevegelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3073 : Mobiltelefonetuifunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1582 : Type mobilitetsscooter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3127 : Funksjoner for mobilitets-/tilgjengelighetsutstyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2395 : Modellkontrollteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2393 : Tilbehørstype til modelltog
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3022 : Modelltog-tema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1867 : Modulasjonsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3341 : Fuktighetskremtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2955 : Form/kuttform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2097 : Bruk av støpeform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2119 : Støpeform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2795 : Monitormonteringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2905 : Monitorform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2007 : Skjermtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3085 : Monitor-/skjermspesialiserte funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1841 : Brikkesettfamilie for hovedkort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1842 : Formfaktor for hovedkort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3071 : Hovedkortminnefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1734 : Bevegelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2793 : Bevegelsessensortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2162 : Motorstartmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2698 : Plassering av motor i kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2695 : Motorkjøretøystype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2750 : Kjøretype for motorsykkel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2716 : Formål til motorsykkelhanske
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2702 : Dekktype for motorsykkel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2751 : Type motorsykkel/scooter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2789 : Monteringsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3023 : Monterings-/stativfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2794 : Monteringsmaskinvare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1205 : Monteringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3080 : Musemattefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1915 : Type museport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1917 : Musteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3083 : Mus-/styrekulefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3381 : Bittskinnedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2483 : Munnstykke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1843 : Multi-Gpu-teknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3128 : Muskelstimulatordesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1793 : Musikksjanger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2441 : Design for motestativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2488 : Musikalsk toneart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3338 : Neglekunstvarer inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3131 : Neglepleiefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1623 : Negledesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3339 : Tørkeform for neglelakk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1624 : Negleform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2673 : Nasjonal/regional vurdering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1958 : Innebygd størrelsesforhold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3129 : Forstøverdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1591 : Nebulisator-teknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3262 : Halskjededesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/32   : Halskant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2354 : Nåleøyetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2602 : Nålmåler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1545 : Nålmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2355 : Nålstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3271 : Nåletøysettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2054 : Lagringstype for negativer/lysbilder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2848 : Nettmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2855 : Monteringstype for nett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1895 : Grensesnitt for nettverkskabel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1937 : Nettverksprotokoller støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1938 : Nettverksstandarder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1198 : Nattkjolestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1769 : Tutmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1767 : Tutform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1770 : Nippeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2884 : Hakkmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2516 : Støyintensitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3366 : Notatblokkdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1666 : Dysetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1739 : Barneromstema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1782 : Dekning av ammeteppe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1783 : Utforming av ammeinnlegg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2902 : Ammeputeform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1491 : Variant av nøttesmør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2124 : Mutterform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1508 : Behandlingsmetode for muttere
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3101 : Type nøtt/frø
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1419 : Næringsinnhold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2489 : Obo-toneart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2490 : Okarinastil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1627 : Anledning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1203 : Anledningsstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3158 : Kontorvognfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2924 : Kontorinstrumentmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2922 : Kontorrekvisitamateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1440 : Oljetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3248 : One-piece-stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2626 : Åpent/stengt skiltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1728 : Åpningsretning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1729 : Åpningsmekanisme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2587 : Driftsmodus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1859 : Operativsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1373 : Driftsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1877 : Optisk stasjonstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1695 : Utforming av brilleramme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2022 : Optiske zoom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2727 : Organisatortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1383 : Orientering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2975 : Friluftsutstyrsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3321 : Utemøbler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1432 : Strømdrevet tilbehør til utendørs bruk inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1264 : Utendørs turaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2998 : Klesfunksjoner for yttertøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1931 : Type uttak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2434 : Utgangsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1835 : Utgangsbølgeform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1403 : Ovnstilbehør inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1593 : Ventiltype på oksygentank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3311 : PCB-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2674 : PEGI-vurdering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1941 : Pstn-tilkoblingsalternativer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1723 : Utforming av smokk/bitering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1456 : Pakketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2272 : Inkludert pakkemateriell
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2608 : Padvisningsprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1608 : Pad-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2891 : Padleutstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3383 : Padle-/åremateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2232 : Sideoppsett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2207 : Penseldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2712 : Malingsfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2306 : Middels malingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2298 : Malingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2952 : Malings-/fargeform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2889 : Paintball-/airsoft-utstyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2929 : Malelerretsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1810 : Tilkoblingsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2343 : Palettdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2342 : Palettkniv-form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1890 : Panelspesifikasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1891 : Panelterminering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1178 : Type bukselengde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3251 : Strømpebuksestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2290 : Papirfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2291 : Papirformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2234 : Papirstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2292 : Papirtekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2240 : Papirtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2263 : Papirvektdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2308 : Papirmasjéformer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1301 : Fallskjermhoppingsaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1844 : Støtte for parallel behandlingsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3200 : Parkeringskamerafunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2627 : Parkering-skiltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1832 : Passbånd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1412 : Pastaformtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1498 : Pastatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3    : Mønster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2357 : Mønsterdistribusjonsformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2422 : Pedalpolaritet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2257 : Pennetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2967 : Penn-/felttuppdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3162 : Penne-/blyantfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3371 : Blyantspisserdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2258 : Blyanttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2432 : Perkusjon-stativdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2429 : Perkusjon-spissform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2652 : Ytelsesberegninger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1671 : Peroksidinnhold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3217 : Vannscootertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2504 : Personaliseringsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1719 : Alternativer for personalisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1418 : Skadedyrkontrollmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2984 : Kjæledyrsklær/sengetøyfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2986 : Tilbehørsfunksjoner for kjæledyrskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3238 : Kostholdspreferanser for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1700 : Krav for kjæledyrdiett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1701 : Smak på dyremat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3222 : Kjæledyrsmatform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3223 : Kosttilskudd for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3230 : Hårtørrerdesign for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3231 : Hastighetsinnstillinger for hårtørrer for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3234 : Design på medisinske halsbånd for husdyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3235 : Medisinsk forsyningstype for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1711 : Inkluderte artikler for kjæledyrovervåkning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3232 : Negleverktøystype for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3237 : Kjæledyrsspray-/løsningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1698 : Form på kjæledyrprodukt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3229 : Termometerdesign for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3236 : Kjæledyrstrenertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1704 : Tekstur på kjæledyrgodbit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3224 : Godbitstype for kjæledyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2557 : Fasetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2023 : Type fotoeffekter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2043 : Fotografisk kjemisk form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2044 : Fotografisk papirstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2045 : Fotografisk papirtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3025 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for piano
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2474 : Pianopedaler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2475 : Pianostørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2440 : Plekterdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3290 : Pickupdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2435 : Pickup-monteringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2437 : Pickup-stilling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2436 : Pickup-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2553 : Grisefôrstadium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1327 : Haugdybde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1785 : Puteform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2356 : Pinnestørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2862 : Bordtennisustyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3174 : Bordtennisrobotfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2140 : Rørklemmedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1503 : Rørform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2519 : Pi√±ata-design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2161 : Plassering støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1445 : Planteegenskaper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1338 : Planteklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1339 : Plantenavn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2822 : Plantestøttemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1651 : Platetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3294 : Lekeutstyrsartikler inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3395 : Design for å spille av lysbilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3402 : Spill av fremdrift av kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3295 : Lekegårdsdesignfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1964 : Avspillingsplateformater
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1826 : Spillerstasjonstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1217 : Spillerposisjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3095 : Spiller-/opptakerspesialiserte funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2764 : Design av lekehus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1925 : Pluggtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2069 : Påføring av VVS-primer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2143 : Design av avløpsfeller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2208 : Stempelform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2095 : Kryssfinerkvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2585 : Pneumatisk transportørdrift
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1943 : Poe-standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2244 : Punktdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1913 : Pekeenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1816 : Polarmønster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1887 : Polarisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2965 : Stang-/stolpemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2628 : Policy-skiltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2834 : Polish tørr form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1626 : Form på neglelakkfjerner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2736 : Poleringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2468 : Polyfoni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1634 : Bærbarhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3021 : Frimerkefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2389 : Potensiell ekstrakt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1789 : Komponenter i pottetreningssett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1788 : Utforming av potte-/toalettsete
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1221 : Strømkilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1580 : Følsomhet for graviditetstest 
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3165 : Presentasjonsforsyningsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2621 : Bevaringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3403 : Leke-elektronikktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3404 : Leke-husholdningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2644 : Primærregion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2064 : Bruk av grunning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1946 : Utskriftsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1947 : Inkludert skrivertilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1952 : Skriverfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3091 : Skriver-/kopimaskinspesialiserte funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1949 : Utskriftsfarge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2372 : Utskriftsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1901 : Prosessorkjerner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1869 : Prosessorfamilie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1845 : Prosessorinngang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1817 : Prosessorteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1620 : Produktfordeler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1261 : Produktsertifiseringer og standarder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1285 : Produktskjema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2065 : Produktformulering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2545 : Område for produkthåndbok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1566 : Produktsterilitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2515 : Programformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2051 : Projeksjonsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2907 : Projektorlyskilde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2114 : Bruk av propan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2740 : Propellbladdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2562 : Prophy-koppdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1433 : Fremdriftstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2635 : Beskyttelsestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3057 : Beskyttelsesutstyrsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3302 : Beskyttelsesmaskedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3058 : Beskyttelsesmaskefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2541 : Publikasjonsfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2530 : Publiseringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1238 : Pull-Up-stang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1778 : Pumpetilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1780 : Innstillinger for pumpehastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2847 : Punching- og treningsbagmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2772 : Dukketema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2773 : Dukketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2769 : Puslespilltema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3396 : Puslespilltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1307 : Pilholderstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1337 : Rfid-frekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2578 : Rackdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2722 : Racktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1227 : Racketmål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2854 : Racketmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2856 : Racketsnordesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2857 : Racketstrengmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1954 : Radarbånd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3316 : Radarteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1848 : Utforming på radiokabinett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1311 : Rampetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1731 : Ovnstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2368 : Sjeldenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1679 : Barberhøvelens fleksibilitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1680 : Utforming av barberhøvelhode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1686 : Barberhøveltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1918 : Lese-/skrivehastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3401 : Leseleketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3157 : Kvitteringspapirfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1658 : Liggende funksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2758 : Anbefalt aldersgruppe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1218 : Anbefalt ferdighetsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2082 : Anbefalt bruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2491 : Fingersettingssystem for blokkfløyte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1821 : Inkludert opptaksutstyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2246 : Opptakskvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2752 : Type fritidskjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2450 : Rørstyrke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2039 : Snellekapasitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2049 : Reflektordesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3198 : Regenerative bremsefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1467 : Region
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2676 : Områdekode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2544 : Frigjøringsplan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2001 : Fjernteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1860 : Flyttbare lagringsformater støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3239 : Matform for reptiler/amfibier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3240 : Habitatforsyningstype for reptiler/amfibier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2531 : Forskningsfokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2532 : Forskningsmetodikk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1230 : Motstandsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1229 : Motstandssystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1581 : Resultatvisning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2629 : Detaljhandel/salg-skiltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3308 : Retikkelplan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2036 : Retikkeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1318 : Ridestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2775 : Fremdriftstype for rideleker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2700 : Felg/hjuldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3263 : Ringdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/105  : Ringstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2125 : Nagleform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2630 : Veiskiltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2379 : Steinkomposisjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2380 : Steinformasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1257 : Rocker-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1296 : Stangmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1329 : Stangform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1610 : Rullehode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1611 : Rullemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1612 : Rulletype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1358 : Takdekorform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2447 : Rosinform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2448 : Harpikskvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2183 : Roterende retning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1884 : Rotatorkontrollteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3136 : Teppe-/mattefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2787 : Teppe-/mattemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1465 : Romkvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2523 : SFX-kontrollteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1861 : Mulighet for sim-kort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1855 : Sim-kort type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1713 : Spf-nivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2968 : Salmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1716 : Sikkerhetssertifiseringer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1725 : Installasjon av sikkerhetsanordning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2949 : Sikkerhetsutstyrsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1732 : Montering av sikkerhetsskinne
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2756 : Seilbåttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3264 : Sandalstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2181 : Bruk av sandblåser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2182 : Slipetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2187 : Bruk av sliping
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1865 : Satellittdekningsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1866 : Satellittnettverkstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3363 : Saunatilbehør inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2195 : Monteringstype for stillas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2381 : Tilbehøstype for skalamodeller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3284 : Type skalasettmodell
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2932 : Skalamodellmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2382 : Skalamodelltema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2599 : Skalpellbladnummer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3053 : Skalpellbladform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2600 : Skalpellhåndtaknummer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3092 : Skannerfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1904 : Skannersensortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3256 : Skjerf-/sjalstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2024 : Scenemoduser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2344 : Saksebladtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3304 : Omfangsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3305 : Omfangsobjektivvtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2037 : Siktedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3063 : Omfangs-/siktfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3170 : Poengtavlefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2289 : Papirtype for utklippsbok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1424 : Skjermmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2003 : Skjerm/displaydesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1497 : Type sjømat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2384 : Utforming av seglstempel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1628 : Årstid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2405 : Seteputer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2406 : Seteform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1537 : Setestruktur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1518 : Setetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1939 : Sikkerhetsalgoritmer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2139 : Sikkerhetsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1332 : Sensortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2988 : Sensor-/måleverktøysfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2323 : Paljett/glitter-form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2645 : Tjenestetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2339 : Syfottype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2340 : Symaskindelkategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1300 : Skaftflex
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2178 : Skaftorientering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1653 : Sjampotype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/73   : Form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1197 : Støttenivå for shapewear
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1684 : Formulering av barberkrem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1687 : Komponenter i barbersett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2066 : Glansnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2567 : Hyllemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2890 : Hylle-/rammemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2916 : Singel-/flismateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1321 : Skobindingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3009 : Skofunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/846  : Shoetilpasning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/87   : Skostørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2025 : Skytemodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2147 : Grunndesign for dusj
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2791 : Monteringstype for dusjforheng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2152 : Dusjdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3118 : Dusjfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3327 : Dusjåpningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2167 : Krympeforhold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2099 : Lukkerfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2917 : Sidepanelmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2363 : Signaturplassering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2004 : Lyddemper/blimptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2154 : Monteringstype for vask
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2155 : Vasktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2881 : Synkemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2778 : Størrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1313 : Skateboardingstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2868 : Skikonstruksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1317 : Skistil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2358 : Ferdighetsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1617 : Hudpleieeffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2991 : Hudpleiefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3343 : Hudpleiemasketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1615 : Hudtone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1616 : Hudundertone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3253 : Skjørtestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1190 : Type skjørt-/kjolelengde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1515 : Spilemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/15   : Type ermelengde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3268 : Tøffelstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3393 : Slotmaskintype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3241 : Matform små dyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3242 : Matingredienser for små dyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3243 : Habitat-/burtype for små dyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1960 : Smart TV-plattform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3007 : Smartklokkefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3269 : Sneakerstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2867 : Snorkelform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2894 : Snowboardkonstruksjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1325 : Snowboarddesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1323 : Snowboardstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2753 : Snøscootertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2214 : Pipetrekkertupp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2170 : Sokkeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1406 : Brusmaskintilbehør inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1480 : Brusvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3169 : Softballdisiplin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2052 : Softbox-monteringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2053 : Softbox-form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3167 : Programvarefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2655 : Programvareverktøytype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2096 : Bartrekvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2172 : Solcelletype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2173 : Solcellepaneltilkoblinger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2171 : Solcellepaneldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2071 : Bruk av lodding/flux
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1376 : Såleplatetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1599 : Løselighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1690 : Løsningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2072 : Påføring av løsemiddel/fortynner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1741 : Beroligende lyder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2420 : Lydkontroller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2431 : Lydeffekter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3323 : Lydisolasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2402 : Lydalternativer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2411 : Høyttalerkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1819 : Høyttalerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3065 : Høyttalerfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1820 : Høyttalerteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2693 : Type høyttalertelefon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1273 : Hastighetsinnstillinger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2121 : Piggdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2224 : Spinnertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1466 : Spritfortynning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1868 : Bruk av splitter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3079 : Fordeler-/bryterfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1604 : Svampform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1291 : Spolemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3283 : Sportslogo
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2370 : Sportstema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1787 : Tuttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2014 : Spredertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1434 : Sprinklerhodetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2767 : Sprinklerform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2349 : Skrapebladdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1928 : Stabelkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1766 : Scene
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1583 : Kontrolltype for trappeheis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3113 : Trappefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1585 : Trappetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2373 : Frimerketema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2251 : Stempeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3282 : Skativ-/visningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2243 : Stifttrådmåler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3161 : Stiftefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1401 : Stjernevurdering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2179 : Starttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2685 : Stasjonstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1393 : Innbindingstype for kontorrekvisita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2497 : Stengellengde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2734 : Trinntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1775 : Tid for steriliseringssyklus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1777 : Instruksjoner for sterilisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1776 : Steriliseringsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2593 : Stetoskopdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2594 : Stetoskopteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2850 : Pinnemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1324 : Stivhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2840 : Stimulatorspissform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2838 : Steinmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1661 : Steinnavn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2322 : Steinform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1662 : Steintype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1833 : Stoppbånd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1920 : Grensesnittstype for lagringsstasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1846 : Støttede grensesnitt for lagringsstasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1922 : Type lagringsstasjon installert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1921 : Type lagringsmedia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2180 : Bruk for lagringstank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1876 : Lagringstyper som støttes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1364 : Luftstrøm for komfyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3151 : Komfyrtopptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2442 : Stroppdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2513 : Design på sugerør/rørepinne
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2591 : Tiltenkt bruk for båre/gurney
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2477 : Strenginstrumentstørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1306 : Strengmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2990 : Barnevognfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1745 : Type barnevognhjul
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1351 : Stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1799 : Stylustype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2533 : Fagområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1864 : Abonnementtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2981 : Substratfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1781 : Sugenivåer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1935 : Egnet for fisketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2554 : Egnet for dyretype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2294 : Egnet for kunstteknikk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1697 : Egnet for fugletype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3384 : Egnet for båttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3355 : Egnet for kropps-/ansiktshår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3227 : Egnet for rasestørrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1980 : Egnet for kameratype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2005 : Egnet for kamera/optikkenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1971 : Egnet for campingaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1344 : Egnet for stoltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3150 : Egnet for beholdertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2300 : Egnet for å lage materiale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2083 : Egnet for dørtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3298 : Egnet for eggtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2281 : Egnet for stofftype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1367 : Egnet for brannklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1710 : Egnet for fisketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1397 : Egnet for kjøkkenmaskintype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1354 : Egnet for møbeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1641 : Egnet for årtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2059 : Egnet for materialtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1390 : Egnet for skadedyrtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2191 : Egnet for rørtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1448 : Egnet for bassengtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3152 : Egnet for strømutstyrstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2831 : Egnet for dyrebart materiale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1948 : Egnet for skrivertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1559 : Egnet for hudtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1975 : Egnet for trugeaktiviteter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1538 : Egnet for lagringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1673 : Egnet for tannbørste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2586 : Egnet for kjøretøytype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2133 : Egnet for vannfunksjonstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1707 : Egnet for vanntype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2038 : Egnet for våpentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3119 : Egnet installasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1539 : Egnet plassering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1214 : Egnet plass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2225 : Håndtakstype for koffert 
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2111 : Svovelinnhold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1446 : Sollys
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2830 : Støttemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2824 : Overflatetekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3178 : Surfebrettfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2029 : Overvåkningskamera-design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2030 : Festetype for overvåkingskamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3299 : Kartleggingstilbehør inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1200 : Bukseselestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1356 : Bærekraft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2939 : Vattpinnemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2999 : Badetøyfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1228 : Svingstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1210 : Svingvekting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2168 : Bryterkontrolltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1889 : Byttemetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2469 : Syntesemetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2199 : Målesystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1575 : Systemområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2235 : Fanestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2819 : Borddekningsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2245 : Hodeutforming for tegnestift/festeknapp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2220 : Tagfesting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3345 : Tampongabsorberingsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3134 : Tampongfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1633 : Garvetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2203 : Tapemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2537 : Målgruppe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/837  : Målkjønn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1425 : Målrettede skadedyr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1386 : Målrettede flekker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1482 : Teinngangstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1572 : Teknologinivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1896 : Grensesnitt for telefonledning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1850 : Telefonstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3306 : Teleskopnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3307 : Teleskopsporingssystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3094 : TV-spesialiserte funksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2351 : Temperatur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1774 : Temperaturkontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1555 : Temperaturmåling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2668 : Maltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2446 : Spenning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1468 : Tequila-variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2609 : Terminaldrift
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1326 : Terreng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1553 : Testformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1576 : Testmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1556 : Testprøve
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2892 : Smashballustyr inkludert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3020 : Maskinfunksjoner for tekstilkunst
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2315 : Prosjekttype for tekstilhåndverk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1558 : Tekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1568 : Teksturnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/134  : Tema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2204 : Termisk detektortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2205 : Type termoelement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2219 : Tykkelsestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2126 : Gjengeretning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2127 : Gjengestenger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3010 : Tilleggsfunksjoner for billett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2276 : Billetttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2101 : Flisdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3394 : Feltspilltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3324 : Fliseinstallasjonsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2102 : Flisutseende
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2918 : Flismateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2103 : Flistekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2534 : Tidsperiode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2403 : Tidssignaturer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2202 : Tidsvekting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3042 : Urfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2040 : Tidtakerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1439 : Timertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2603 : Tuppdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1635 : Tuppmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2460 : Tuppåpning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1606 : Tuppstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1297 : Tupptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1281 : Dekkvulsttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1501 : Tobakktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1607 : Utforming av tåavstandsstykke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1322 : Tåreimtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/847  : Tåstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2149 : Design av toalettlokk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3116 : Toalettlokkfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2159 : Toalettfasong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2961 : Monteringstype for toalett/bidet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2472 : Tom-tomdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2216 : Verktøynøkkeltips
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3280 : Verktøymobilitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2215 : Verktøyoperasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2817 : Verktøy-/redskapsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1674 : Tannpastatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1675 : Utforming på tannpirker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1193 : Type topplengde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1400 : Øvre overflatemateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2223 : Håndtakstype for bæreveske
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2549 : Totemdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1881 : Berøringsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1882 : Berøringsskjermteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3398 : Lekefigurtema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3405 : Lekeverktøytype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2896 : Leke/spillmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1549 : Sporingsmål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1934 : Sporingsformål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3362 : Inkludert traktortilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3046 : Varemessedisplayfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2369 : Samlekortemballasje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3047 : Trafikkkontrollenhetsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2032 : Viltkameradesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2724 : Trailertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2653 : Krav til opplæringsdata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2766 : Trampolinedesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1586 : Overflatetype for overføringskort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3272 : Overføringspapirteknikk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2699 : Transmisjonstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3039 : Søppelbøttefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1689 : Form på reisepute
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1564 : Behandlingsmål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1756 : Behandlingstekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1644 : Behandlingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2805 : Trestativmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2108 : Trellisdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2877 : Trehjulssykkeldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2878 : Trehjulssykkelfremdriftstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2166 : Turtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3061 : Trefothåndtakstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3060 : Festetype til trefot/monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2009 : Hoder til trefot/monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2528 : Trofédesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2747 : Truck-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2417 : Rørkomponent
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2418 : Rørkonfigurasjon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3286 : Tunerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1812 : Stemmertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2588 : Stemmegaffeldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2589 : Stemmegaffelfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2399 : Stemmingsmodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2465 : Stemmefrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2400 : Stemmingsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1792 : Usb-standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1696 : UV-beskyttelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3249 : Underskjortestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1194 : Undertøysstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1348 : Måleenheter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2661 : Oppdateringsfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2797 : Trekkmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1681 : Bruksbetingelser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1672 : Bruksfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/843  : Brukstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2648 : Brukertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2656 : Oppgavetype for verktøy/vedlikehold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1880 : Vdi-protokollstøtte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1512 : VG/PG-forhold
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1382 : Luftfiltreringsteknologi for støvsuger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1280 : Ventiltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2748 : Varebiltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1511 : Damperstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2067 : Påføring av lakk/finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1355 : Vaseform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3214 : Alarm-/låsfunksjoner for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2706 : Bruksområde for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3199 : Lydsystemfunksjoner for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3201 : Bremsefunksjoner til kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3211 : Funksjoner for rengjøring av kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3212 : Dekorfunksjoner for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3210 : Kjøre-/håndteringsfunksjoner for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3204 : Dele-/motorfunksjoner for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3407 : Kjøretøyeksostype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3215 : Kjøretøysfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3213 : Kjøretøysvæskefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3410 : Kjøretøysvæsketype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3206 : Kjøretøysrammer/karosserifunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3408 : Kjøretøyspeildesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3207 : Kjøretøyspeilfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3409 : Kjøretøyspeiltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3202 : Kjøretøyoljefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2713 : Lakktype for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1271 : Plassering av kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3208 : Kjøretøysetefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3209 : Kjøretøyfjæringsfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2701 : Dekktype for kjøretøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2705 : Kjøretøystype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2607 : Verifikasjonsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1963 : Støttede kodeker/formater
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3168 : Innholdsfunksjoner i videospill
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2677 : Videospillsjanger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3380 : Videospillplattform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2678 : Undersjanger av videospill
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1916 : Videoporttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1965 : Videoregionkode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1805 : Støttet videooppløsning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2640 : Høyde for visningsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2641 : Bredde for visningsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1483 : Eddikdrikke-variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1489 : Edikkvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2711 : Viskositet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2303 : Visuell effekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1942 : Voip-protokollstøtte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3185 : Vadetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/37   : Midjeløft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1449 : Veggmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2077 : Påføring av vegglapping
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2174 : Veggplatestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3005 : Lommebokfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1357 : Påføringsmetode for tapet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2665 : Bakgrunnstema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2631 : Advarselskategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2128 : Skiveform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3141 : Vaskemaskin-/tørketrommelfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1389 : Vaskemetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1377 : Vaskeprogrammer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1202 : Stil for klokketilbehør
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1201 : Klokkevisning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3008 : Klokkefunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2951 : Klokke/båndmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1407 : Vannfilterbruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1249 : Vannsport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2737 : Motorkontrolltype for vannfartøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3216 : Båtfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2739 : Motorfestetype for vannfartøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2863 : Fremdriftstype for båt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2743 : Ratt-type for vannfartøy
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2755 : Båttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2893 : Vokspåføringsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2279 : Vokstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2105 : Design av værlister
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3325 : Værforsyningspåføringsmetode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2104 : Bruk av værbeskyttelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2033 : Webkameradesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1233 : Vektstangaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1234 : Vektstangtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2392 : Vekttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1552 : Støttet vektenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3059 : Sveisehjelmfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1314 : Hjulhardhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1315 : Hjulnavplassering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2704 : Deletype for dekk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1283 : Hjultype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1587 : Rullestoltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1469 : Whisky-stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1470 : Whisky-variant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1940 : Wi-Fi-bånd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1847 : Wi-Fi-standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3024 : Viklerfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2730 : Ankerspilldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2807 : Vindusbehandlingsmateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2869 : Windsurfingbrettstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1526 : Utforming på vinstativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1475 : Vinsødme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1476 : Vinvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3032 : Tørkedispenser-/varmeapparatfunksjoner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1722 : Duft på servietter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1753 : Emballasje på servietter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2341 : Ledningstykkelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2903 : Tråd-/taumateriale
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2451 : Treblåsingsartikler medfølger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3389 : Arbeidskapasitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2309 : Kransdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2757 : Yacht-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2312 : Vektkategori for garn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2296 : Glidelåstrekkerstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2268 : Zoomtype
