# Shopify Product Taxonomy - Attributes: 0.18.0
# Format: {GID} : {Attribute name}

gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2649 : AI-toepassing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2703 : Type ATV/offroad-band
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2184 : Schurend materiaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1460 : Absintstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1461 : Absintvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/894  : Absorptieniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2972 : Kenmerken van absorberende hygiëneproducten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2529 : Academisch niveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2956 : Accessoire materiaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/50   : Accessoiregrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2461 : Afstemming accordeon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1598 : Actief ingrediënt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2995 : Kenmerken Activewear-kleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/5    : Activiteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1547 : Ontwerp activiteitentracker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1543 : Indeling acupunctuurmodellen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1544 : Type acupunctuurmodellen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3376 : Extra functies voor animatiesoftware
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3378 : Type extra ontwerpsoftware
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3373 : Extra functies voor financiële software
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3377 : Extra functies voor grafische software
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3379 : Extra functies voor publicatiesoftware
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3372 : Extra functies voor beveiligingssoftware
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2319 : Lijmtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3354 : Productvorm aftershave
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/30   : Leeftijdsgroep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2274 : Leeftijdsbeperkingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2708 : Vorm luchtverfrisser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3182 : Kenmerken luchtmatras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3329 : Type airbrush-toevoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3328 : Airbrush bedieningsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2287 : Albumtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1362 : Waarschuwingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1451 : Allergeneninformatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1577 : Allergeentesttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1631 : Allergenen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3138 : Allergievriendelijke functies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1800 : Versterkerklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2690 : Versterkerconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1808 : Geschikte locatie versterker/booster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1258 : Ankertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2198 : Toepassing anemometer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1883 : Ondersteunde hoeken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1289 : Hengelstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2550 : Vorm diervoeding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1308 : Diertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1828 : Antennetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3340 : Type anti-aging huidverzorging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2710 : Antivriestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1316 : Toepassingsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1639 : Applicatormateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3344 : Type applicator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2314 : Appliqué-/patch-vorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2980 : Functies van aquariumfilters
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1708 : Aquariumlichtspectrum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3228 : Aquarium overloopbak ontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1302 : Boogschieten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2888 : Boogschutten uitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1303 : Boogschietstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2496 : Regeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2883 : Materiaal pijlveer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2969 : Materiaal pijl/kruisboogpijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2299 : Toepassingsmethode voor kunstfixatief
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2386 : Kunststijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2930 : Materiaal voor kunst/knutselgereedschap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2796 : Materiaal frame van kunstwerk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2666 : Kunsttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3387 : Technologie van remassistent
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1737 : Bevestigingsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/844  : Bevestigingsopties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1267 : Bevestigingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1806 : Audio-DA-converter (DAC)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1822 : Ondersteunde audiocodecs/formaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1813 : Audioconnectiviteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3309 : Type audiomixer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1801 : Audio-uitvoerkanaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1802 : Audio-uitvoerformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3066 : Functies voor audiospeler/recorder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1818 : Audiodoel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1803 : Audiotechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3074 : Audio/Scan converter functies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3370 : Authenticatie technologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2374 : Authenticiteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2016 : Automatische scherpstelmodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2613 : Autoclaafsterilisatiemethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2361 : Handtekeningtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2583 : Automatisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2526 : Awardontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2525 : Awardgelegenheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1426 : Bouwtype luifel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2823 : Luifel ontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1836 : BIOS-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1759 : Verpakking babydrankjes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1758 : Smaak babyvoeding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1761 : Grootte melkpoeder voor baby's
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1717 : Inclusief babycadeauartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1720 : Inclusief babygezondheidsartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3026 : Kenmerken babyfoon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1762 : Smaak babysnack
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1763 : Textuur babysnack
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2997 : Kenmerken kleding voor baby's en peuters
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3029 : Veiligheidskenmerken baby-/peuteruitrusting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3103 : Kenmerken baby-/peutermeubilair
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3318 : Baby-/peutermeubels inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3254 : Stijl baby-/peuterhoedje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3247 : Stijl kousen voor baby's/peuters
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3107 : Kenmerken baby-/peuterzitje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3246 : Stijl baby-/peuterslaapkleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1531 : Rugtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2047 : Achtergrondontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2185 : Materiaal achterkant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1527 : Rugleuningtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2958 : Sluiting tas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2222 : Type tasband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3365 : Stijl tas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2725 : Tastype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3006 : Kenmerken tas/koffer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2784 : Materiaal van tas/doos
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3258 : Opbergkenmerken tas/koffer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3100 : Bakkerijproducten inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3360 : Bakgerei inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1394 : Inclusief bakvormen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2813 : Vorm bakgerei
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1486 : Doel van het bakken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2812 : Materiaal bakplaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2844 : Materiaal bal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1206 : Balgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2505 : Inclusief ballonsetartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2506 : Ballonvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2242 : Bandsterkte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2507 : Bannerontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2860 : Type stangmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1902 : Barcodescanner-interface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1903 : Barcode ondersteund
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1648 : Materiaal vat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3359 : Barartikelen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2810 : Materiaal bargerei
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1660 : Basisolie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1471 : Basisdrank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1795 : Basistype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1970 : Type bal honkbal/softbal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2798 : Materiaal mand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2846 : Basketbaluitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2462 : Configuratie basknop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2845 : Materiaal knuppel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1209 : Knuppelstandaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3319 : Inclusief badkamermeubels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2141 : Ontwerp badkuip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3117 : Kenmerken badkuip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2142 : Vorm badkuipbekleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2398 : Ontwerp stokgreep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1926 : Batterijceltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3087 : Kenmerken batterij
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3196 : Kenmerken batterijbeheer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1682 : Batterijgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1856 : Batterijtechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1571 : Batterijtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2318 : Kraalvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2401 : Klopperonderverdeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1546 : Type bedpan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3108 : Kenmerken bed-/frame
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1441 : Inclusief beddengoed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1259 : Beddengoedmaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1453 : Bierstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1454 : Biervariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2579 : Belontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2580 : Belgeluid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2721 : Riemtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/41   : Beste toepassingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2213 : Afschuiningtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1976 : Vorm drankproduct
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1771 : Ontwerp slab
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1275 : Fietsremtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3184 : Kenmerken fiets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2233 : Vorm bindring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1319 : Bindingsbeugel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2237 : Bindingsstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2959 : Ontwerp binoculair/monoculair
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3122 : Kenmerken biometrische monitor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3218 : Ontwerp vogelkooi/standaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3219 : Vorm vogelvoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3220 : Ingrediënten vogelvoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3221 : Type vogeltraktatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2508 : Ontwerp verjaardagskaars
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3293 : Type verjaardagskaars
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3099 : Variant bitter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1220 : Bladcurve
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2189 : Ontwerp blad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1388 : Bladmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1251 : Bladtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2614 : Mengtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2808 : Stijl jaloezie/schaduw
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1578 : Componenten bloedtestkit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1255 : Concaaf board
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3191 : Kenmerken spelbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2759 : Bordspelmechanismen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2092 : Materiaal board
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2264 : Type boardmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1256 : Dashboardprofiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2267 : Oppervlakte bord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1312 : Dashboardtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2754 : Boottype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1563 : Lichaamsgebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3259 : Type lichaamssieraden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2190 : Kernmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3331 : Type lichaamsverf/foundation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1678 : Type lichaams- en gezichtshaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1371 : Boilersysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2123 : Vorm bout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2538 : Boekomslagtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2966 : Materiaal omslag boek/dossier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2230 : Ontwerp bladwijzer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2231 : Vorm bladwijzer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1204 : Laarsstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1284 : Opstarttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2015 : Ontwerp stethoscoop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2390 : Sluitingstype fles
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1768 : Flesontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1691 : Flestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3044 : Kenmerken flessenwarmer/sterilisator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2221 : Fles-/containersluiting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2938 : Materiaal booghaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2970 : Boogmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3187 : Kenmerken boog/kruisboog
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2726 : Doostype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1195 : Sluitingstype bh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1196 : Bedekking bh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2996 : Kenmerken BH
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1191 : Type bh-bandje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3250 : Stijl bh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1192 : Ondersteuningsniveau bh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3260 : Ontwerp armband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2115 : Ontwerp beugel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1462 : Brandyvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1663 : Certificeringen ademsprays
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3090 : Geavanceerde functies brug/router
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2228 : Helderheidsniveaus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1408 : Borstelhaarmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1603 : Borstelvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2885 : Materiaal breedkop/veldpunt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3279 : Aanbrengen met een kwast
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1613 : Gebruik opzetborstel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2792 : Materiaal borstel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2346 : Penseelgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1685 : Penseeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1391 : Type insect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2912 : Materiaal bouwplaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2076 : Vorm verbruiksartikelen bouw
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3397 : Type bouwspeelgoed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1437 : Lampdoptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1438 : Lampvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1435 : Lampgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2573 : Bulldozerbladtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2632 : Kogelbeschermingsniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3068 : Kenmerken megafoon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2566 : Goud- en zilverstavenvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1292 : Hengeldopmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2295 : Type knop-/druksluiting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3123 : Ingrediënten CBD
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1790 : Kasttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2908 : Materiaal kabelbehuizing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1892 : Kabelafscherming
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1276 : Kabeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2720 : Kooitype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3368 : Type accessoire voor rekenmachines
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3159 : Kenmerken rekenmachine
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2238 : Kalenderindeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3153 : Kenmerken agenda/organizer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3390 : CAM-systeem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2018 : HD-type camera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2006 : Camerabevestiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2002 : Cameraknop/knoptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2000 : Type camerabediening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2017 : Cameraschermtechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3062 : Kenmerken camera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1997 : Type camera-uitrusting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1979 : Type cameralens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1995 : Type cameramontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1998 : Type camerasensor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1330 : Cameravorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2277 : Inclusief kaarsensetartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2836 : Type kaarmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2801 : Vorm kaars
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2278 : Kaarstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1494 : Ingeblikte vleesvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1431 : Materiaal afdak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2334 : Doekafwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2928 : Materiaal canvas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2335 : Doektextuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2709 : Geur autoverfrisser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1742 : Installatie autozitje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1743 : Richting autozitje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2746 : Autotype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1266 : Karabijnhaakpoorttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2872 : Vorm karabijnhaak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2366 : Kaartkenmerken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2521 : Kaartontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2517 : Formaat kaart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2520 : Kaarthouderontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3312 : Installatie kaart/adapter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2336 : Onderhoudsinstructies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2226 : Draagopties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1746 : Draagposities
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1984 : Draagtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2597 : Winkelwagenontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2749 : Winkelwagentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1825 : Cartridgetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1798 : Doostype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2691 : Type cassetteadapter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1699 : Leeftijdsgroep kat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1702 : Formule kattenbakvulling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2320 : Type viering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/98   : Kettingschakeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2728 : Kettingtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3049 : Kenmerken stoel/sofa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2265 : Oppervlak krijtbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3035 : Kenmerken wisselmat/bak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2714 : Opladertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2682 : Type oplaadkabel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2683 : Oplaadniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1870 : Chassistype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2055 : Chemische toepassing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2058 : Type chemische container
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2611 : Chemische kwaliteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2057 : Vorm chemisch product
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2612 : Chemische zuiverheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2056 : Chemischeveiligheidsvoorzieningen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2552 : Fase kippenvoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2874 : Plaatsing kinderzitje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2574 : Versnipperaartechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2596 : Ontwerp chiropractortafel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2192 : Boorhoudertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1502 : Sigaarbody
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3070 : Kenmerken printplaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2164 : Ontwerp zekering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2163 : Vorm zekeringspaneel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2165 : Zekeringtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2482 : Sleutelsysteem klarinet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/108  : Gesptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1655 : Klauwontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2954 : Structuur klei/slip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2735 : Doel schoonmaakmiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1779 : Reinigingsinstructies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1387 : Reinigingsdoel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1378 : Reiningsoppervlakken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2733 : Schoenplaattype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1268 : Klimactiviteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2248 : Cliptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3388 : Type tondeuse/trimmer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1442 : Sluitingsstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/80   : Sluitingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2779 : Materiaal kledingaccessoire
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3001 : Kenmerken kleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1298 : Clubsubset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1299 : Clubtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2070 : Toepassing coating/afdichtmiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2509 : Ontwerp cocktailversieringen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1490 : Koffieroomvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1398 : Koffie-invoertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1977 : Vorm koffieproduct
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1477 : Koffiebrander
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1413 : Inclusief koffie/theeservies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1509 : Spoelaansluiting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2931 : Materiaal munt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2861 : Type kraagslot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2011 : Compatibel apparaat met kraag/montage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2012 : Ontwerp kraag/montage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1    : Kleur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1962 : Kleurnauwkeurigheidsnormen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1989 : Kleurverzadiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3072 : Kenmerken communicatieapparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2555 : Communicatieprotocollen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2871 : Stijl kompas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1888 : Compatibele HDCP
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2679 : Compatibel vliegtuigtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2412 : Compatibele versterker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1705 : Compatibel aquarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1764 : Compatibel ontwerp babyfles
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1749 : Compatibel type babydraagzak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1752 : Compatibel type babystoel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1751 : Compatibel type babyvervoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1212 : Compatibel baltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1924 : Compatibele batterijtechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1231 : Compatibele bankposities
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1270 : Compatibel fietstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2396 : Compatibel koperinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2452 : Compatibel klarinettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1600 : Compatibele cosmetische hulpmiddelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1930 : Compatibel apparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2426 : Compatibele drumconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2416 : Compatibel elektrisch/akoestisch instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1905 : Compatibel elektronisch kaarttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1232 : Compatibele oefeningen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1944 : Compatibel filament
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2042 : Compatibel filmtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2456 : Compatibel fluittype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1967 : Compatibel spelformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1420 : Compatibel tuingereedschap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1430 : Compatibel hangmatontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2457 : Compatibel mondharmonicatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2409 : Compatibel instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2421 : Compatibele keyboardconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1605 : Compatibele make-up
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2019 : Compatibele geheugenkaarten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1794 : Compatibele microfoondraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1898 : Compatibele moederbordvormfactor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2458 : Compatibel hobotype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2443 : Compatibel strijkinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2590 : Compatibel patiëntprofiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2423 : Compatibel percussie-instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2774 : Compatibel speelvoertuigtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2692 : Compatibele speler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2338 : Compatibele printer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1837 : Compatibele processorreeks
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2642 : Compatibele programmeertalen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1402 : Compatibele recepten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1968 : Compatibele resolutie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1748 : Compatibel stoeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2667 : Compatibel softwareplatform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2524 : Compatibel apparaat met speciale effecten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3148 : Compatibel type kookplaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2433 : Compatibel snaarinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1750 : Compatibel type kinderwagen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1369 : Compatibel vacuümtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1714 : Compatibel voertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1588 : Compatibele loophulpmiddelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1235 : Compatibel gewichthefaccessoire
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2643 : Nalevingscertificeringen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1831 : Component-uitvoertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1829 : Componentpakkettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1966 : Compressieformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1595 : Compressieniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1897 : Inclusief computeraccessoires
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1871 : Computerformulier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3078 : Kenmerken computerserver
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3077 : Gespecialiseerde kenmerken van de computer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2463 : Concertina-knopconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2360 : Staat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1652 : Conditionereffect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1557 : Condoomtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2144 : Verbindingsdraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2028 : Verbindingsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1811 : Verbindingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1272 : Connectiviteitstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2129 : Ontwerp connector
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1830 : Connectorgeslacht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1969 : Consolesysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1629 : Constitutieve ingrediënten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2770 : Thema bouwset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1990 : Contrast
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1955 : Contrastverhouding (typisch)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2413 : Bedieningsfuncties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2558 : Bedieningsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1359 : Bedieningstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1331 : Bedieningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2556 : Controller-ontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2559 : Controlleraandrijvingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1986 : Converter-functionaliteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2584 : Transportbandbediening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1493 : Kookmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1487 : Kookwijnvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3361 : Kookgerei inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3147 : Kenmerken kookgerei/bakgerei
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2811 : Materiaal kookgerei/bakgerei
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1872 : Koeltechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2118 : Koordbevestigingssysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3155 : Kenmerken corrector
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2494 : Corsage/boutonni√®re-ontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1857 : Cosmetische staat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1614 : Cosmetische afwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1630 : Cosmetische functie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2564 : Thema kostuum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2577 : Vorm balie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2364 : Land
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1784 : Ontwerp dekselsluiting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3012 : Kenmerken omslag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1341 : Omslagmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2707 : Hoestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2659 : Dekkingsregio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3277 : Type ambachtelijke snijder/embosser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3278 : Type ambachtelijke decoratiemaker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2345 : Ontwerp ambachtelijk mes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3273 : Ontwerp van ambachtelijke pijpenragers
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2321 : Type ambachtelijk project
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2329 : Type ambachtelijk/beeldhouwproject
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3015 : Kenmerken knutselframe/stretcher
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3013 : Kenmerken knutselmat/-pad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2873 : Type bevestiging stijgijzers
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2293 : Type creatief kunstproject
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3104 : Kenmerken ledikant/peuterbed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2849 : Cricketuitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1589 : Kruktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2375 : Kristalsysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1239 : Keustijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1240 : Keutype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1241 : Keuwikkel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1495 : Keuken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1447 : Culinaire botanische naam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/17   : Cupmaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1650 : Krultangtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1791 : Valuta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2610 : Valutatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2654 : Kanalen voor klantenondersteuning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3367 : Opties snijder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1422 : Snijmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1278 : Fietsstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3069 : Kenmerken DJ-apparatuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3310 : Compatibiliteit DJ-software
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1858 : Gegevensnetwerk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2782 : Decoratiemateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2348 : Ontwerp decoratieve stempel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2365 : Coupure
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3349 : Vorm flossdraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1664 : Flossdraaddikte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3350 : Type flossdraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3351 : Aanbevolen gebruik mondbescherming
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1665 : Certificeringen tandheelkundige gebitsbeschermers
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2563 : Smaak tandpasta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2561 : Tandheelkundige artikelen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1667 : Kleur kunstgebitbasis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3352 : Dekking kunstgebit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3353 : Ontwerp kunstgebit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1668 : Kleur kunstgebittanden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2650 : Implementatietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3154 : Kenmerken bureau-organizer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1570 : Gedetailleerde ingrediënten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1579 : Detecteerbare medicijnen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3357 : Werkingsmodus detector
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2582 : Detectorgevoeligheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1368 : Connectortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3027 : Ontwikkelingskenmerken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/845  : Apparaatinterface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2197 : Apparaattechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3392 : Behendigheidsvaardigheden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3364 : Extra kenmerken luiertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1754 : Componenten luierset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3037 : Kenmerken luierhouder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1757 : Grootte luier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1573 : Type luier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2761 : Dobbelsteenvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1834 : Diëlektrisch type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1452 : Dieetvoorkeuren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3098 : Voedingssupplementen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1567 : Dieetgebruik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2768 : Moeilijkheidsgraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2048 : Diffuserontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1809 : Digitale geluidsverwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1414 : Inclusief borden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1379 : Vuilafscheidende methode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2575 : Ontladingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2662 : Schijfformaattype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1384 : Dispensertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3166 : Kenmerken van het displaybord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1730 : Kleurmodus display
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3176 : Kenmerken display
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2046 : Weergavemodus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2548 : Aanbevolen gebruik weergeven
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1334 : Schermresolutie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2622 : Ontwerp displaybord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1248 : Schermtechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3054 : Kenmerken wegwerphandschoen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2994 : Kenmerken wegwerp-/herbruikbare zak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2950 : Materiaal eenmalig/herbruikbaar artikel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3386 : Duikcomputerartikelen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2866 : Stijl ocotopus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2864 : Duik-/snorkeluitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1703 : Leeftijdsgroep hond
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3225 : Type hondenluier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3226 : Type hondenspeelgoed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3399 : Type pop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3192 : Kenmerken pop / speelset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2080 : Ontwerp deurdranger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2085 : Afwerking deurkozijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2089 : Afwerking deurglas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3322 : Isolatie deur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2086 : Deurknopfunctie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1520 : Deurmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2087 : Plaatsing deurstopper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1724 : Ontwerp deurstopper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2090 : Geschikte locatie deur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2091 : Afwerking deuroppervlak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1521 : Deurtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2960 : Toepassing deur/kozijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1747 : Configuratie dubbele kinderwagen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2146 : Afvoerlocatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2280 : Inclusief teken-/schildersetartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3014 : Kenmerken kledingvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3244 : Gelegenheid jurk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3245 : Stijl jurk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3120 : Kenmerken boor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2604 : Boormethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2605 : Oriëntatie boorinstallatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2820 : Materiaal drinkgerei
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1415 : Inclusief glazen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2217 : Aandrijfmaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2576 : Aandrijvingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2470 : Drumconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3287 : Aanpasbaarheid drumhardware
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2934 : Materiaal drumstelaccesoires
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1492 : Droge boonvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1380 : Droog/nat reinigen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2134 : Drogertechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1601 : Droogsnelheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3326 : Ontwerkp luchtschacht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2135 : Vorm leiding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1950 : Duplextechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3111 : Kenmerken duurzaamheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1381 : Stofcontainertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2638 : Type stofmasker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1223 : Dynamisch niveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1878 : Ondersteunde eboek-indelingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1510 : E-sigaret-/vape-stijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1506 : E-vloeistofsmaak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1507 : E-vloeistofvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2904 : Technologie beeldscherm e-readers
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2672 : ESRB-beoordeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3197 : Kenmerken batterij voor elektrisch voertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2688 : EV-batterijtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2686 : Type EV-connector/adapter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2687 : Componenten EV-conversiekit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3132 : Toepassingsmethode oorverzorging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3064 : Kenmerken oortelefoon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1636 : Gebruik oordopjes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3261 : Ontwerp oorbel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2078 : Keustijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2818 : Type rand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2657 : Opleidingsniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1353 : Inclusief eiversieringsartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3296 : Ei draaien
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3292 : Componenten voor elektronisch drumstel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2927 : Materiaal versiering/rand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2288 : Versieringen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2327 : Type embossingproject
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2454 : Vorm embouchure-gat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1363 : Noodartikelen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2623 : Ontwerp nood-/veiligheidsbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1945 : Behuizingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1370 : Energie-efficiëntieklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1956 : Energie-efficiëntieklasse (HDR)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1957 : Energie-efficiëntieklasse (SDR)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2175 : Motorontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2176 : Doel van de motor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2694 : Motor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2527 : Gravure
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3156 : Kenmerken envelop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2514 : Ontwerp envelopafdichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2371 : Tijdperk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1936 : Ethernet-Lan-interfacetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1372 : Verdampingstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2275 : Evenementtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2859 : Trainingsapparatuur inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2858 : Materiaal fitnessapparatuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2979 : Kenmerken fitnessmachine
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1838 : Uitbreidingsslots
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2026 : Belichtingsbediening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2492 : Uitgebreid saxofoonbereik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3051 : Kenmerken externe defibrillator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1365 : Blusrating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1366 : Brandklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1404 : Extractietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1609 : Afzuigtipstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1656 : Vorm oogkussen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1618 : Oogschaduweffect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1602 : Ontwerp applicator voor wimpers
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2833 : Materiaal wimper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3333 : Type wimper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2946 : Materiaal oculair/adapter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3257 : Ontwerp brilmontuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2842 : Materiaal brilmontuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2841 : Materiaal brillenglazen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2777 : Stof
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3276 : Structuur stof
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3342 : Gezichtsgebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3335 : Type gezichtspoeder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3406 : Ontwerp wijzerplaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2625 : Ontwerp faciliteitsbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3337 : Toepassingsmethode nepnagels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2122 : Afwerking sluiting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2926 : Materiaal bevestiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1219 : Bevestigingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1479 : Vetgehalte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2145 : Kraandraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2989 : Kenmerken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2261 : Voedingssysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1851 : Voettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3133 : Kenmerken menstruatieproducten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2107 : Schermcomponenten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2310 : Type vezelkunstproject
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3301 : Vlakheid van het veld
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2663 : Bestandsformaattype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2832 : Vorm bestand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1342 : Vulmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1343 : Vullerondersteuning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2715 : Vullertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1361 : Toepassingsmethode folie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1991 : Filmformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2027 : Filmtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2816 : Materiaal filter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1706 : Filtertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1953 : Filtermodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2633 : Filtratieklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2865 : Materiaal fin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1250 : Vinzaktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1254 : Vinprofiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1906 : Methode voor het vastleggen van vingerafdrukken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1346 : Kruisbloemvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2062 : Afwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3358 : Brandblusserartikelen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1514 : Stevigheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1712 : Componenten EHBO-kit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1562 : Gebruik EHBO-doos
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3265 : Stijl eerste stapjes/kruipen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1709 : Vistype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1293 : Actie vislijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1294 : Vermogen vislijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2880 : Materiaal visdraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/35   : Pasvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2696 : Pasvormtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1352 : Bevestigingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1347 : Vlagvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2719 : Flare-type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3400 : Thema notitiekaart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1993 : Flitsmodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1994 : Flitsertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2915 : Flitsend materiaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3266 : Stijl platte schoenen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2821 : Materiaal bestek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1416 : Inclusief bestek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1458 : Smaak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2387 : Smaakprofiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1320 : Flexibiliteitsrating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3274 : Ontwerp bloemschikdraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1484 : Meel/graantype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1765 : Type stroomsnelheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3356 : Type schoorsteen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2522 : Vloeistoftype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2157 : Spoelsysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2484 : Fluitconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2307 : Schuimvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1981 : Scherpstellingsaanpassing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1996 : Type focusapparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1982 : Scherpstellingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2262 : Vouwtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1744 : Vouwmechanisme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2669 : Type lettertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2814 : Materiaal voedselzak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1410 : Voedselautomaatmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1978 : Vorm voedingsproduct
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2815 : Materiaal voedselopslag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2670 : Beeldmateriaaltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2427 : Ledikanttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2783 : Materiaal schoenen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1392 : Ondersteund formaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1760 : Formuleniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2376 : Fossieltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2895 : Materiaal foundation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1637 : Geur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1755 : Geurniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2266 : Frameontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3137 : Stijl frame
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3300 : Type frequentie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2201 : Frequentieweging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1804 : Ondersteunde frequentie/radiobanden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1478 : Fruitbron
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2109 : Brandstofadditieven
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3114 : Kenmerken brandstofcontainer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2110 : Brandstofkwaliteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2113 : Brandstofzuiverheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1927 : Brandstofbron
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2177 : Brandstoftoevoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3102 : Kenmerken meubilair/inrichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2786 : Materiaal meubilair/inrichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2660 : GPS-compatibel apparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3088 : Kenmerken GPS-apparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3374 : Type GPS-kaart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3375 : GPS-software focus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2510 : Spelcomponenten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2511 : Moeilijkheidsgraad spel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3190 : Kenmerken spel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2512 : Spelnaam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2760 : Gameplay-vaardigheden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1245 : Inbegrepen spellen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1417 : Tuinieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1375 : Ontwerp kledingstomer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2962 : Gedetecteerde gassen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1727 : Type hekmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2697 : Metertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2843 : Materiaal tandwiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1290 : Versnellingsverhouding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1282 : Versnellingsverhoudingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1488 : Gelsterkte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2535 : Genre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2377 : Geologisch tijdperk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2502 : Ontwerp handgreep cadeautasje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1718 : Grootte cadeauset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1463 : Ginvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2302 : Glazuurafwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2106 : Beglazingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3019 : Kenmerken lijmpistool
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3281 : Technologie lijmpistool
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1625 : Lijmsterkte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1972 : Type golfbal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2882 : Golfuitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2367 : Beoordeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1992 : Graan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2391 : Druivenvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1873 : Type grafische kaart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3313 : Graphics tablet-accessoires inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3081 : Speciale kenmerken grafisch tablet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2897 : Materiaal grind/ondergrond
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1405 : Vetfiltermateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2428 : Griptextuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1216 : Griptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2186 : Grittype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1721 : Grootte verzorgingsset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3288 : Type gitaarfitting/-onderdeel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2479 : Formaat gitaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2098 : Gootfittingtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3112 : Stijl dakgoot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1959 : HDR-formaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2137 : Bedieningstype HVAC
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2898 : Materiaal habitat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1645 : Haarverzorgingsafwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3346 : Haarverzorgingsartikelen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1647 : Haarverzorgingstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3332 : Kleur/tint haar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1643 : Haaruitvalstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3347 : Type haarschaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3348 : Haarstyling inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3135 : Kenmerken haarstyling apparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1199 : Haartype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2920 : Materiaal hamerkop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1208 : Handzijde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3183 : Type handwarmer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2581 : Type handboeienslot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2194 : Handgreepontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1669 : Handgreeptextuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1295 : Greepmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1597 : Handgreeptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1849 : Handsettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3003 : Kenmerken handmode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2780 : Materaal handmode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3255 : Type handmode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1530 : Hangstoelontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1459 : Cidervariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3086 : Kenmerken harde schijf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3314 : Vormfactor harde schijf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3315 : Installatie harde schijf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2634 : Veiligheidshelmklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2255 : Hardheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2081 : Afwerking bouwmaterialen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2790 : Materiaal hardware
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2132 : Type montage bouwmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2094 : Kwaliteit looftimmerhout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1269 : Sluitingstype harnas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2481 : Formaat harp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2093 : Geschikte locatie luik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2636 : Gaspakontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2485 : Koppelstuksnede
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1807 : Oortelefoonaansluitingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1814 : Oortelefoonstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3004 : Kenmerken hoofdmode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3124 : Kenmerken hoortoestel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2828 : Materiaal hoortoestel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1654 : Warmtefunctie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1485 : Warmteniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1649 : Warmte-instellingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2825 : Warmtebron
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1499 : Verwarmingsinstructies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1772 : Verwarmingsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1773 : Verwarmsnelheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/128  : Hielhoogtetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3267 : Type hakschoen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2404 : Hoogteaanpassing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2639 : Helmschaduwontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2717 : Trekhaakklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1274 : Trekhaaktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2852 : Hockeyuitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1646 : Vasthoudniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2130 : Ontwerp haak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2352 : Ontwerp haakgreep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2353 : Haakgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2731 : Haaktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1288 : Hoepelvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1286 : Paardencategorie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2879 : Accessoires voor paardenverzorging inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2919 : Materiaal tuinslang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1919 : Hostinterface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3317 : Opslagmogelijkheden hub/switch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3289 : Ontwerp luchtbevochtiger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1450 : Vochtigheidscontrole
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3297 : Bevochtigingscontrole
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3391 : Ontwerp camouflagehutten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2870 : Ontwerp jacht-/overlevingsmes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1565 : Type ijspak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2664 : Pictogramtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2169 : Ontbrandingssysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2620 : Verlichtingstechniek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2020 : Ondersteunde afbeeldingsformaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1999 : Beeldsensorgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2718 : Startonderbrekertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2282 : Wierookgeur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3270 : Wierook kit inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2283 : Wierooktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2651 : Industrie-focus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1715 : Leeftijdsgroep peuter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3385 : Methode opblazen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1569 : Ingrediëntcategorie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2449 : Herkomst ingrediënt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1385 : Ingrediënten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2347 : Inkttoepassingstechniek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2301 : Inktvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2305 : Inkttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1310 : Inlineskatestijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2419 : Invoer-/uitvoerpoorten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1899 : Instructiesetarchitectuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2933 : Materiaal instrumentaccessoire
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1908 : Type instrumentcontroller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2940 : Materiaal instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2936 : Materiaal instrumentonderdeel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2937 : Materiaal snaar instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3285 : Type instrumentsteun
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2776 : Afwerking instrument/accessoire
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2913 : Materiaal islolatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2063 : Beoogde toepassing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2466 : Type interface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1874 : Ondersteunde interne schijfvormfactor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3000 : Kenmerken intieme kleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2689 : Omvormertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2518 : Personalisatieontwerp uitnodiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3142 : Kenmerken strijken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2680 : Staat artikel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2948 : Materiaal artikel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2493 : Artikelstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1237 : J-cuptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3275 : Type sieraadverbindingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2781 : Materiaal sieraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2313 : Type sieraadproject
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2285 : Type sieradenset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/60   : Sieradentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3172 : Gewrichtverbinding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3173 : Type gezichtsggewricht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1242 : Verbindingsstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3382 : Ontwerp springtouw
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2765 : Materiaal springoppervlak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1824 : Karaokemodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2112 : Toepassing kerosine
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2138 : Belangrijkste doel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2473 : Toetsenbordactie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1909 : Toetsenbordformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3291 : Type toetsenbordtoets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1911 : Toetsenbordindeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1914 : Toetsenbordpoorttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3082 : Gespecialiseerde kenmerken toetsenbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1912 : Toetsenbordschakelaartype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1879 : Toetsenbordtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1335 : Keypadstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2383 : Type kitconstructie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1411 : Keukengerei inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3320 : Meubels voor keuken/eetkamer inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1253 : Kitesurfstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1263 : Mestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2953 : Type project breien/opvullen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2414 : Knopfunctie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2415 : Knopstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2116 : Ontwerp knop/handgreep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1885 : LNB-uitvoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1886 : LNB-technologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3011 : Type labelproject
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2615 : Ontwerp laboratoriumvriezer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2851 : Lacrosse-uitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2732 : Laddertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3369 : Modus lamineren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2041 : Lamptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1733 : Taal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2536 : Taalversie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2270 : Lichtbron laser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2196 : Toepassing draaibank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3145 : Kenmerken wasmiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2254 : Loodklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3233 : Ontwerp lijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2330 : Leer/vinyltextuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2271 : Type lessenaarmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1852 : Beenvergrendelingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1853 : Beensecties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1985 : Met lensdop compatibel apparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1693 : Lenscoating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2249 : Lensconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1987 : Lensfiltereffecten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1988 : Lensfiltertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/77   : Lenspolarisatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3303 : Type lensopslag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1694 : Lenstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2957 : Materiaal lens/dia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2646 : Licentietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1786 : Dekseltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3175 : Kenmerken reddingsvest
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2229 : Type licht bevestiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1360 : Lichtregeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2008 : Lichtontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2021 : Belichtingsmodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2050 : Licht filteren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1740 : Lichtopties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1333 : Lichtbron
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1574 : Lichtspectrum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1244 : Lichttemperatuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2742 : Lichttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2982 : Kenmerken verlichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3056 : Opties verlichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2247 : Regelafstandopties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2729 : Type lijn/touw
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1621 : Lipgloss-effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3336 : Ontwerp lipliner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1622 : Lipstickeffect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1464 : Likeurvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2551 : Ingrediënten veevoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2117 : Laadcapaciteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2723 : Type laadbrug
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1374 : Laadtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2738 : Plaatsing vergrendeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1236 : Vergrendelingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1726 : Vergrendelingsmechanisme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2388 : Lovibond
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1676 : Toepassing smeermiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1677 : Samenstelling smeermiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2060 : Type smeermiddeldispenser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2397 : Smeermiddelvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2914 : Type timmerhout/hout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2407 : Type lier-/draaimapbevestiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2430 : Midi-connectiviteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1797 : Inclusief accessoires MP3-speler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2547 : MPAA-beoordeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1350 : Magneettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2616 : Vergroting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3334 : Kleur/tint make-up
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3130 : Kenmerken make-up
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2935 : Materiaal houten hamer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2681 : Type fabrikant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3089 : Kenmerken maritieme navigator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2256 : Ontwerp markertip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1619 : Mascara-effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1594 : Maskertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2910 : Materiaal metselwerk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2061 : Vorm metselproduct
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2839 : Textuur massagestenen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1528 : Massagetechniek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2964 : Materiaal basis mat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2788 : Vorm mat/tapijt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4    : Materiaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2148 : Stevigheid materiaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1222 : Hardheid materiaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3002 : Kenmerken zwangerschapskleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3252 : Stijl zwangerschapsnachtkleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3109 : Kenmerken matras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2617 : Maximale vergroting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1550 : Meetmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1554 : Meettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1496 : Vleessnede
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1500 : Vleestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2539 : Mediatoegang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2546 : Mediacontenttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1823 : Mediaformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2542 : Mediasectie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2540 : Mediathema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3126 : Kenmerken medische alarmsysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3330 : Type medische identificatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2601 : Doel medische spuit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2826 : Materiaal medisch tape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2963 : Vorm medicijn/supplement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2362 : Medium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2487 : Melodicastijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1900 : Geheugenkanalen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1875 : Geheugenvormfactor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2031 : Geheugenopslagtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1840 : Geheugentechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1638 : Vorm menstruatiecup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3050 : Kenmerken metaaldetector
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2131 : Toepassing metalen lijstwerk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2741 : Metertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1551 : Ondersteunde statistieken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1796 : Microfoondraad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1815 : Microfoontype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2378 : Mineraalklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2618 : Minimale vergroting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2560 : Ontwerp handgreep spiegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1827 : Mixertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1736 : Type montage mobiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1738 : Mobiele beweging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3073 : Kenmerken van mobiele telefoonhoesjes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1582 : Type scootmobiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3127 : Kenmerken mobiliteits-/toegankelijkheidsapparatuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2395 : Modelbedieningstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2393 : Type accessoire voor modeltrein
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3022 : Thema modeltrein
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1867 : Modulatiemethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3341 : Type vochtinbrengende crème
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2955 : Vorm vorm/snijvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2097 : Toepassing lijstwerk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2119 : Vorm lijstwerk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2795 : Type monitormontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2905 : Vorm monitor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2007 : Monitortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3085 : Gespecialiseerde kenmerken van monitor/scherm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1841 : Moederbordchipsetfamilie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1842 : Moederbordvormfactor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3071 : Kenmerken moederbordgeheugen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1734 : Beweging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2793 : Bewegingssensoren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2162 : Motorstartmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2698 : Motorvoertuigplaatsing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2695 : Motorvoertuigtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2750 : Type motorfietsaandrijving
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2716 : Doel motorhandschoen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2702 : Type motorband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2751 : Type motorfiets/scooter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2789 : Materiaal bevestiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3023 : Kenmerken montagestandaard/standaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2794 : Bevestigingsmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1205 : Montagetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3080 : Kenmerken muismat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1915 : Muispoorttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1917 : Muistechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3083 : Kenmerken muis/trackbal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3381 : Ontwerp mondstuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2483 : Mondstuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1843 : Multi-GPU-technologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3128 : Ontwerp spierstimulator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1793 : Muziekgenre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2441 : Ontwerp muziekstandaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2488 : Muzieksleutel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3338 : Nagelkunstartikelen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3131 : Kenmerken nagelverzorging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1623 : Nagelontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3339 : Droogvorm nagellak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1624 : Vorm nagel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2673 : Nationale/regionale beoordeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1958 : Oorspronkelijke beeldverhouding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3129 : Ontwerp vernevelaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1591 : Vernevelaartechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3262 : Ontwerp ketting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/32   : Halslijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2354 : Naaldoogtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2602 : Naaldmeter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1545 : Naaldmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2355 : Naaldgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3271 : Type borduurpakketten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2054 : Type opslag negatief/dia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2848 : Materiaal net
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2855 : Type netmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1895 : Netwerkkabelinterface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1937 : Ondersteunde netwerkprotocollen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1938 : Netwerkstandaarden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1198 : Stijl nachtjapon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1769 : Materiaal speen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1767 : Vorm speen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1770 : Speentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2884 : Materiaal nok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2516 : Geluidsintensiteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3366 : Ontwerp kladblok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1666 : Type mondstuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1739 : Thema kinderkamer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1782 : Dekking borstvoedingshoes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1783 : Ontwerp borstvoedingspad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2902 : Vorm verpleegkussen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1491 : Notenbotervariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2124 : Vorm moer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1508 : Notenverwerkingsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3101 : Type noot/zaad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1419 : Voedingsstoffen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2489 : Sleutelsysteem hobo
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2490 : Ocarinastijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1627 : Gelegenheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1203 : Gelegenheidsstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3158 : Functies kantoorwagen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2924 : Materiaal kantoorinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2922 : Materiaal kantoorartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1440 : Olietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3248 : Stijl eendelig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2626 : Open- en gesloten-bordjes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1728 : Openingsrichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1729 : Openingsmechanisme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2587 : Bedrijfsmodus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1859 : Besturingssysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1373 : Bedrijfsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1877 : Optische schijftype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1695 : Ontwerp montuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2022 : Optische zoom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2727 : Organizertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1383 : Oriëntatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2975 : Kenmerken buitenuitrusting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3321 : Meubels voor buiten inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1432 : Accessoires voor buitenvoeding inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1264 : Wandelactiviteit buiten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2998 : Kenmerken bovenkleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1931 : Stopcontacttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2434 : Uitgangsniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1835 : Uitgangsgolfvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1403 : Ovenaccessoires inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1593 : Type zuurstoftankklep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3311 : Type PCB
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2674 : PEGI-beoordeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1941 : PSTN-connectiviteitsopties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1723 : Ontwerp fopspeen/bijtring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1456 : Pakkettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2272 : Inclusief verpakkingsmaterialen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2608 : Padschermprofiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1608 : Padtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2891 : Peddeluitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3383 : Materiaal Peddel-/roeispaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2232 : Paginaopmaak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2207 : Verfborstelontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2712 : Verfafwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2306 : Type schilderhulpmiddel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2298 : Verftype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2952 : Vorm verf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2889 : Paintball/Airsoft uitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2929 : Materiaal schilderdoek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1810 : Koppelingsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2343 : Paletontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2342 : Paletmesvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1890 : Paneelspecificatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1891 : Paneelbeëindiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1178 : Lengtetype broek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3251 : Stijl panty
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2290 : Papieren afwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2291 : Papierformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2234 : Papierformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2292 : Papiertextuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2240 : Papiertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2263 : Ontwerp presse-papier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2308 : Vorm van papier-maché
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1301 : Parachutespringen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1844 : Ondersteuning voor parallelle verwerkingstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3200 : Kenmerken parkeercamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2627 : Ontwerp pakeerbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1832 : Doorlaatband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1412 : Type pastavorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1498 : Pastatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3    : Patroon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2357 : Patroondistributieformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2422 : Pedaalpolariteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2257 : Pentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2967 : Ontwerp pen/viltstift
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3162 : Kenmerken pen/potlood
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3371 : Ontwerp puntenslijper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2258 : Potloodtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2432 : Ontwerp standaard percussie-instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2429 : Vorm tip percussie-instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2652 : Prestatiestatistieken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1671 : Peroxidegehalte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3217 : Type watervoertuigen voor persoonlijk gebruik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2504 : Personalisatieontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1719 : Personalisatieopties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1418 : Ongediertebestrijdingsmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2984 : Kenmerken kleding/beddengoed voor huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2986 : Kenmerken accessoires voor huisdiercontrole
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3238 : Dieetvoorkeuren huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1700 : Dieetbehoeften huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1701 : Smaak huisdiervoeding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3222 : Vorm dierenvoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3223 : Supplementen dierenvoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3230 : Ontwerp haardroger voor huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3231 : Snelheidsinstellingen voor haardroger voor huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3234 : Ontwerp medische halsband huisdier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3235 : Type medische voorziening voor huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1711 : Inclusief huisdiermonitorartikelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3232 : Type agelverzorgingsprnoducten voor huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3237 : Type spray/oplossing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1698 : Productformulier huisdierbenodigdheden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3229 : Ontwerp thermometer voor huisdieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3236 : Type huisdiertrainer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1704 : Textuur huisdierentraktatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3224 : Type huisdiertraktatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2557 : Fasetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2023 : Foto-effectentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2043 : Vorm fotochemicaliën
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2044 : Formaat fotopapier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2045 : Type fotopapier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3025 : Extra kenmerken piano
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2474 : Pianopedalen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2475 : Formaat piano
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2440 : Ontwerp pick
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3290 : Ontwerp pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2435 : Type pickupmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2437 : Positie pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2436 : Type pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2553 : Fase varkensvoer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1327 : Stapeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1785 : Vorm kussen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2356 : Pingrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2862 : Pingpongmateriaal inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3174 : Kenmerken tafeltennisrobot 
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2140 : Ontwerp buisklem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1503 : Leidingvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2519 : Pi√±ata-ontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2161 : Ondersteunde plaatsing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1445 : Plantkenmerken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1338 : Plantenklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1339 : Plantnaam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2822 : Materiaal ondersteuning voor planten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1651 : Plaattype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3294 : Artilelen voor speeltoestellen inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3395 : Ontwerp speelgoed glijbaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3402 : Aandrijving speelvoertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3295 : Kenmerken ontwerp speeltuin 
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1964 : Afspeelschijfformaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1826 : Spelersaandrijvingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1217 : Spelerpositie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3095 : Gespecialiseerde kenmerken van speler/recorder 
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2764 : Ontwerp speelhuis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1925 : Stekkertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2069 : Toepassing loodgietersprimer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2143 : Ontwerp sifon voor loodgieters
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2208 : Vorm plunjer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2095 : Kwaliteit multiplex
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2585 : Bediening pneumatische transportband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1943 : PoE-standaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2244 : Puntontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1913 : Aanwijsapparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1816 : Polair patroon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1887 : Polarisatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2965 : Materiaal paal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2628 : Ontwerp beleidsbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2834 : Vorm drogen nagellak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1626 : Vorm nagellakremover
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2736 : Laktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2468 : Polyfonie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1634 : Draagbaarheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3021 : Kenmerken postzegels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2389 : Potentieel extract
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1789 : Onderdelen zindelijkheidstrainingset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1788 : Ontwerp potje/wc-bril
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1221 : Voedingsbron
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1580 : Zwangerschapstestgevoeligheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3165 : Kenmerken presentatievoorziening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2621 : Conserveringstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3403 : Type nep elektronica speelgoed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3404 : Type speelgoed huishoudelijke apparaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2644 : Primaire regio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2064 : Primergebruik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1946 : Printtechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1947 : Inclusief printeraccessoires
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1952 : Printerfuncties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3091 : Gespecialiseerde kenmerken printer/kopieerapparaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1949 : Printkleur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2372 : Printmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1901 : Processorkernen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1869 : Processorfamilie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1845 : Processoraansluiting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1817 : Processortechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1620 : Productvoordelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1261 : Productcertificeringen en -normen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1285 : Productvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2065 : Productformule
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2545 : Producthandleidingsgebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1566 : Productsteriliteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2515 : Programmaformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2051 : Projectieontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2907 : Lichtbron projector
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2114 : Toepassing propaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2740 : Ontwerp propellerblad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2562 : Prophy cup-ontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1433 : Aandrijvingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2635 : Beschermingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3057 : Kenmerken van beschermende uitrusting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3302 : Ontwerp beschermingsmasker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3058 : Kenmerken beschermingsmasker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2541 : Publicatiefrequentie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2530 : Publicatietype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1238 : Optrekstang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1778 : Accessoires pomp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1780 : Pomsnelheidsinstellingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2847 : Materiaal boks-/trainingszakken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2772 : Type marionet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2773 : Poppentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2769 : Puzzelthema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3396 : Type puzzel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1307 : Pijlkokerstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1337 : RFID-frequentie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2578 : Rekontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2722 : Rektype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1227 : Racketdikte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2854 : Materiaal racket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2856 : Ontwerp racketsnaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2857 : Materiaal racketsnaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1954 : Radarbanden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3316 : Radartechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1848 : Ontwerp radiokast
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1311 : Schanstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1731 : Type bereik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2368 : Zeldzaamheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1679 : Flexibiliteit scheermesje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1680 : Ontwerp scheermeskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1686 : Scheermestype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1918 : Lees-/schrijfsnelheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3401 : Type leesspeelgoed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3157 : Kenmerken kassabonpapier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1658 : Ligfunctie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2758 : Aanbevolen leeftijdsgroep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1218 : Aanbevolen vaardigheidsniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2082 : Aanbevolen gebruik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2491 : Vingerzettingssysteem blokfluit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1821 : Inclusief opnameaccessoires
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2246 : Opnamekwaliteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2752 : Type recreatievoertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2450 : Rietsterkte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2039 : Capaciteit haspel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2049 : Reflectorontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3198 : Kenmerken regeneratief remmen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1467 : Regio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2676 : Regiocode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2544 : Releaseschema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2001 : Technologie op afstand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1860 : Ondersteunde verwijderbare opslagformaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3239 : Vorm voer voor reptielen/amfibieën
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3240 : Type habitat voor reptielen/fibieën
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2531 : Onderzoeksfocus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2532 : Onderzoeksmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1230 : Weerstandsniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1229 : Weerstandssysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1581 : Resultaatweergave
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2629 : Ontwerp retail-/verkoopbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3308 : Dradenkruisvlak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2036 : Dradenkruistype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1318 : Rijstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2775 : Aandrijvingstype rijdend speelgoed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2700 : Velg-/wielontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3263 : Ontwerp ring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/105  : Ringmaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2125 : Vorm klinknagel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2630 : Ontwerp verkeersbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2379 : Rotscompositie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2380 : Rotsformatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1257 : Schommelstoelype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1296 : Hengelmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1329 : Hengelvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1610 : Rollerkop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1611 : Rolmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1612 : Rollertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1358 : Vorm van dakdecoratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2447 : Harsvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2448 : Colofoniumkwaliteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2183 : Roteerrichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1884 : Rotatorbesturingstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3136 : Kenmerken vloerkleed/mat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2787 : Materiaal vloerkleed/mat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1465 : Rumkwaliteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2523 : SFX-bedieningstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1861 : Simkaartmogelijkheden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1855 : Simkaarttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1713 : SPF-niveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2968 : Zadelmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1716 : Veiligheidscertificeringen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1725 : Installatie veiligheidsapparatuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2949 : Materiaal veiligheidsuitrusting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1732 : Installatie veiligheidsrail
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2756 : Type zeilboot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3264 : Stijl sandaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2181 : Toepassing zandstraler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2182 : Schuurmachinetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2187 : Schuurtoepassing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1865 : Satellietdekkingsgebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1866 : Satellietnetwerktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3363 : Sauna-accessoires inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2195 : Montagetype steigers
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2381 : Type accessoire schaalmodel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3284 : Type modelbouwpakketten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2932 : Materiaal schaalmodel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2382 : Thema schaalmodel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2599 : Aantal scalpelbladen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3053 : Vorm scalpelmesje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2600 : Aantal scalpelgrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3092 : Kenmerken scanner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1904 : Type scannersensor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3256 : Stijl sjaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2024 : Scènemodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2344 : Type schaarblad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3304 : Ontwerp stethoscoop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3305 : Type lens richtkijker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2037 : Ontwerp vizier/kijker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3063 : Kenmerken richtkijker/vizier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3170 : Kenmerken scorebord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2289 : Type plakboekpapier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1424 : Hormateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2003 : Scherm-/displayontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1497 : Zeevruchttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2384 : Ontwerp zegelstempel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1628 : Seizoen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2405 : Stoelkussens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2406 : Vorm zitting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1537 : Stoelstructuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1518 : Stoeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1939 : Beveiligingsalgoritmen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2139 : Beveiligingsniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1332 : Sensortype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2988 : Kenmerken sensor/meetinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2323 : Pailletten-/glittervorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2645 : Type service
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2339 : Naaivoettype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2340 : Categorie naaimachineonderdelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1300 : Schachtbuiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2178 : Schachtoriëntatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1653 : Shampootype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/73   : Vorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1197 : Ondersteuningsniveau shapewear
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1684 : Formule scheerschuim
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1687 : Componenten scheerset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2066 : Glansniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2567 : Materiaal plank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2890 : Materiaal schaal/frame
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2916 : Materiaal dakspaan/tegels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1321 : Schoenbindingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3009 : Kenmerken schoen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/846  : Schoenpasvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/87   : Schoenmaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2025 : Opnamemodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2147 : Ontwerp douchebak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2791 : Type montage douchegordijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2152 : Ontwerp douche
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3118 : Kenmerken douche
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3327 : Type doucheopening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2167 : Krimpverhouding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2099 : Afwerking sluiter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2917 : Materiaal gevelbekleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2363 : Plaatsing handtekening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2004 : Type geluiddemper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2154 : Type wastafelmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2155 : Type wastafel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2881 : Materiaal visgewicht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2778 : Maat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1313 : Skateboardstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2868 : Skiconstructie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1317 : Skistijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2358 : Vaardigheidsniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1617 : Huidverzorgingseffect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2991 : Kenmerken huidverzorging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3343 : Type huidverzorgingsmasker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1615 : Huidskleur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1616 : Huidondertoon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3253 : Stijl rok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1190 : Lengtetype rok/jurk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1515 : Lattenmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/15   : Hoeslengtetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3268 : Stijl slipper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3393 : Type fruitautomaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3241 : Vorm voedsel voor kleine dieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3242 : Ingrediënten van voedsel voor kleine dieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3243 : Type habitat/kooi voor kleine dieren
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1960 : Smart TV-platform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3007 : Kenmerken smartwatch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3269 : Stijl sneaker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2867 : Vorm snorkel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2894 : Constructie snowboard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1325 : Snowboardontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1323 : Snowboardstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2753 : Sneeuwscootertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2214 : Tip moerdraaier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2170 : Type socket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1406 : Accessoires voor frisdrankmachine inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1480 : Frisdrankvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3169 : Discipline softbal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2052 : Type softboxmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2053 : Softbox-vorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3167 : Kenmerken software
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2655 : Type softwaretool
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2096 : Kwaliteitnaaldtimmerhout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2172 : Zonneceltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2173 : Aansluitingen voor zonnepanelen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2171 : Ontwerp zonnepaneel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2071 : Toepassing soldeer/flux
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1376 : Zoolplaattype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1599 : Oplosbaarheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1690 : Oplossingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2072 : Toepassing oplosmiddel/verdunner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1741 : Rustgevende geluiden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2420 : Geluidsbedieningen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2431 : Geluidseffecten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3323 : Geluidsisolatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2402 : Geluidsopties
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2411 : Luidsprekerconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1819 : Luidsprekerontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3065 : Kenmerken luidspreker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1820 : Luidsprekertechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2693 : Luidsprekertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1273 : Snelheidsinstellingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2121 : Ontwerp spijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2224 : Spinnertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1466 : Alcoholverdunning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1868 : Splittergebruik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3079 : Kenmerken splitter-/schakelaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1604 : Sponsvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1291 : Spoelmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3283 : Sport-logo
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2370 : Thema sport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1787 : Tuittype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2014 : Spreidertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1434 : Sproeierkoptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2767 : Vorm sprinkler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2349 : Ontwerp wisserblad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1928 : Stapelconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1766 : Fase
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1583 : Trapliftbedieningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3113 : Kenmerken trap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1585 : Traptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2373 : Thema stempel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2251 : Stempeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3282 : Type standaard/display
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2243 : Nietje draadmeter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3161 : Kenmerken nietmachine
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1401 : Sterbeoordeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2179 : Starttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2685 : Stationstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1393 : Briefpapierbindtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2497 : Stamlengte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2734 : Traptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1775 : Sterilisatiecyclustijd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1777 : Sterilisatie-instructies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1776 : Sterilisatiemethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2593 : Stethoscoopontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2594 : Stethoscooptechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2850 : Materiaal stok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1324 : Stijfheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2840 : Vorm stimulatortip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2838 : Materiaal steen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1661 : Steennaam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2322 : Steenvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1662 : Steentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1833 : Stopband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1920 : Interfacetype opslagschijf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1846 : Ondersteunde interfaces opslagschijf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1922 : Geïnstalleerd type opslagschijf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1921 : Opslagmediatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2180 : Toepassing opslagtank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1876 : Ondersteunde opslagtypen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1364 : Luchtstroom kachel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3151 : Type kookplaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2442 : Ontwerp band
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2513 : Ontwerp rietje/roerder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2591 : Beoogd gebruik brancard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2477 : Formaat snaarinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1306 : Snaarmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2990 : Kenmerken kinderwagen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1745 : Type kinderwagenwiel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1351 : Stijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1799 : Stylustype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2533 : Vakgebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1864 : Abonnementstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2981 : Kenmerken substraat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1781 : Zuigniveaus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1935 : Geschikt voor hengeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2554 : Geschikt voor diertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2294 : Geschikt voor kunsttechniek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1697 : Geschikt voor vogeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3384 : Type geschikt voor boot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3355 : Geschikt voor lichaams-/gezichtshaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3227 : Geschikt voor rasgrootte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1980 : Geschikt voor cameratype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2005 : Geschikt voor type camera en optiek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1971 : Geschikt voor kampeeractiviteiten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1344 : Geschikt voor stoeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3150 : Type geschikt voor container
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2300 : Geschikt voor knutselmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2083 : Geschikt voor deurtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3298 : Type geschikt voor ei
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2281 : Geschikt voor stoftype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1367 : Geschikt voor brandklasse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1710 : Geschikt voor vistype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1397 : Geschikt voor type keukenmachine
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1354 : Geschikt voor meubeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1641 : Geschikt voor haartype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2059 : Geschikt voor materiaaltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1390 : Geschikt voor ongediertetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2191 : Geschikt voor leidingtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1448 : Geschikt voor zwembadtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3152 : Type geschikt voor elektrische apparatuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2831 : Materiaal geschikt voor kostbaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1948 : Geschikt voor printertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1559 : Geschikt voor huidtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1975 : Geschikt voor sneeuwschoenactiviteiten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1538 : Geschikt voor opslagtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1673 : Geschikt voor tandenborstel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2586 : Geschikt voor voertuigtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2133 : Geschikt voor waterkenmerktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1707 : Geschikt voor watertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2038 : Geschikt voor wapentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3119 : Geschikte installatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1539 : Geschikte locatie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1214 : Geschikte ruimte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2225 : Type koffergreep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2111 : Zwavelgehalte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1446 : Zonlicht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2830 : Materiaal steun/brace
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2824 : Textuur oppervlak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3178 : Kenmerken surfplank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2029 : Ontwerp bewakingscamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2030 : Type montage bewakingscamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3299 : Landmeetkunde accessoires inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1200 : Stijl jarretel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1356 : Duurzaamheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2939 : Materiaal wattenstaafje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2999 : Kenmerken zwemkleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1228 : Schommelstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1210 : Schommelweging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2168 : Bedieningstype schakelaar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1889 : Schakelmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2469 : Synthesemethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2199 : Meetsysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1575 : Systeembereik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2235 : Tabbladstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2819 : Materiaal servies
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2245 : Ontwerp kopspijker/punaise
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2220 : Labelbevestiging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3345 : Absorptieniveau tampon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3134 : Kenmerken tampon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1633 : Bruiningstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2203 : Tapemateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2537 : Doelgroep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/837  : Doelgeslacht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1425 : Bestemd voor ongedierte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1386 : Speciale vlekken
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1482 : Thee-invoertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1572 : Technologieniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1896 : Telefoonkabelinterface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1850 : Telefoonstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3306 : Niveau telescoop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3307 : Telescoopvolgsysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3094 : Gespecialiseerde kenmerken televisie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2351 : Temperatuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1774 : Temperatuurregeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1555 : Temperatuurmeting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2668 : Templatetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2446 : Spanning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1468 : Tequilavariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2609 : Bediening creditcardlezer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1326 : Terrein
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1553 : Testformaat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1576 : Testmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1556 : Testmonster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2892 : Tetherballuitrusting inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3020 : Kenmerken textielbewerkingsmachines
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2315 : Type textielambachtproject
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1558 : Textuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1568 : Textuurniveau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/134  : Thema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2204 : Type thermische detector
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2205 : Type thermokoppel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2219 : Diktetype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2126 : Draadrichting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2127 : Maat draadstang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3010 : Extra kenmerken kaartje
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2276 : Type ticket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2101 : Ontwerp tegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3394 : Type tegelspel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3324 : Installatiemethode tegels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2102 : Tegellook
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2918 : Materiaal tegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2103 : Tegeltextuur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2534 : Tijdsperiode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2403 : Maatsoorten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2202 : Tijdweging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3042 : Kenmerken uurwerk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2040 : Ontwerp timer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1439 : Timertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2603 : Tipontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1635 : Tipmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2460 : Tipopening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1606 : Tipstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1297 : Tiptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1281 : Bandhieltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1501 : Tabakstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1607 : Ontwerp tenenspreider
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1322 : Type veter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/847  : Teenstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2149 : Ontwerp toiletafdekking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3116 : Kenmerken toiletafdekking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2159 : Vorm toilet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2961 : Type toilet-/bidetmontage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2472 : Ontwerp tom-tom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2216 : Tip gereedschapssleutel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3280 : Mobiliteit gereedschap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2215 : Werking gereedschap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2817 : Materiaal gereedschap/gebruiksvoorwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1674 : Tandpastatype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1675 : Ontwerp tandenstoker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1193 : Lengtetype bovenstuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1400 : Oppervlaktemateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2223 : Type draagtas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2549 : Totem-ontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1881 : Aanraakmogelijkheden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1882 : Aanraakschermtechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3398 : Thema speelgoedfiguur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3405 : Type speelgoedgereedschap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2896 : Materiaal speelgoed/spel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1549 : Statistieken volgen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1934 : Doel van het volgen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3362 : Tractortoebehoren inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3046 : Kenmerken handelsbeursdisplay
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2369 : Verpakking ruilkaarten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3047 : Kenmerken verkeersregelapparaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2032 : Ontwerp trailcamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2724 : Aanhangwagentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2653 : Vereisten trainingsgegevens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2766 : Ontwerp trampoline
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1586 : Oppervlaktetype transferborden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3272 : Techniek transferpapier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2699 : Versnellingsbaktype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3039 : Kenmerken prullenbak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1689 : Vorm reiskussen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1564 : Behandelingsdoelstelling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1756 : Textuur behandeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1644 : Behandelingstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2805 : Materiaal boomstandaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2108 : Ontwerp Trellis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2877 : Ontwerp driewieler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2878 : Type driewieleraandrijving
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2166 : Triptype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3061 : Type statiefgreep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3060 : Type bevestiging statief/monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2009 : Type kop voor statief en monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2528 : Trofeeontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2747 : Vrachtwagentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2417 : Buiscomponent
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2418 : Buisconfiguratie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3286 : Ontwerp tuner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1812 : Afstemmertype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2588 : Ontwerp stemvork
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2589 : Frequentie stemvork
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2399 : Afstemmodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2465 : Afstemming pitch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2400 : Afstembereik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1792 : USB-standaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1696 : UV-bescherming
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3249 : Stijl onderhemd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1194 : Stijl ondergoed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1348 : Meeteenheden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2661 : Updatefrequentie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2797 : Materiaal bekleding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1681 : Gebruiksvoorwaarden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1672 : Gebruiksfrequentie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/843  : Gebruikstype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2648 : Type gebruiker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2656 : Type nuts-/onderhoudstaak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1880 : Ondersteuning voor VDI-protocol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1512 : VG/PG-verhouding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1382 : Luchtfilteringstechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1280 : Ventieltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2748 : Bestelwagentype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1511 : Vapestijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2067 : Toepassing vernis/afwerking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1355 : Vaasvorm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3214 : Kenmerken voertuigalarm-/slot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2706 : Voertuigtoepassingsgebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3199 : Kenmerken voertuigaudiosysteem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3201 : Kenmerken voertuigremmen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3211 : Kenmerken voertuigreinigingsartikel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3212 : Kenmerken voertuigdecor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3210 : Kenmerken aandrijving/bediening voertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3204 : Kenmerken motor/onderdeel voertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3407 : Type uitlaat van voertuigen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3215 : Kenmerken voertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3213 : Kenmerken voertuigvloeistoffen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3410 : Type vloeistof voor voertuigen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3206 : Kenmerken frame/carrosserie voertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3408 : Ontwerp voertuigspiegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3207 : Kenmerken voertuigspiegels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3409 : Type voertuigspiegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3202 : Kenmerken voertuigolie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2713 : Type voertuiglak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1271 : Voertuigplaatsing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3208 : Kenmerken voertuigzittingen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3209 : Kenmerken voertuigophanging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2701 : Type voertuigband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2705 : Voertuigtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2607 : Verificatietechnologie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1963 : Ondersteunde videocodecs/formaten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3168 : Kenmerken voertuigophanging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2677 : Genre videogame
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3380 : Videogameplatform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2678 : Subgenre videogame
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1916 : Videopoorttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1965 : Videoregiocode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1805 : Ondersteunde videoresolutie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2640 : Hoogte weergavegebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2641 : Breedte weergavegebied
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1483 : Azijndrankvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1489 : Azijnvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2711 : Viscositeit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2303 : Visueel effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1942 : Ondersteuning voor VoIP-protocol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3185 : Type waadbroek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/37   : Tailleomtrek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1449 : Wandmateriaal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2077 : Wandreparatie-toepassing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2174 : Wandplaatstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3005 : Kenmerken portemonnee
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1357 : Toepassingsmethode behang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2665 : Behangthema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2631 : Waarschuwingscategorie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2128 : Vorm sluitring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3141 : Kenmerken wasmachine/droger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1389 : Wasmethode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1377 : Wasprogramma's
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1202 : Hrologeaccessoirestijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1201 : Horlogedisplay
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3008 : Kenmerken horloge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2951 : Materiaal horloge/band
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1407 : Toepassing waterfilter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1249 : Watersport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2737 : Type motorbediening voor vaartuigen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3216 : Kenmerken watervoertuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2739 : Motorbevestiging vaartuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2863 : Type voortstuwing van waterscooters
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2743 : Stuurwieltype vaartuig
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2755 : Vaartuigtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2893 : Toepassingsmethode wax
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2279 : Wastype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2105 : Ontwerp tochtstrip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3325 : Toepassingsmethode watervoorziening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2104 : Toepassing tochtwering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2033 : Ontwerp webcam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1233 : Halterstangactiviteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1234 : Halterstangtype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2392 : Type gewicht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1552 : Ondersteunde gewichtseenheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3059 : Kenmerken lashelm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1314 : Wielhardheid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1315 : Plaatsing wielnaaf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2704 : Type wielonderdeel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1283 : Wieltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1587 : Rolstoeltype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1469 : Whiskystijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1470 : Whiskyvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1940 : Wi-Fi-band
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1847 : Wi-Fi-standaard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3024 : Kenmerken oproller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2730 : Ontwerp windas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2807 : Materiaal raambehandeling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2869 : Stijl windsurfplank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1526 : Wijnrekontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1475 : Zoetheid wijn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1476 : Wijnvariant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3032 : Kenmerken van de dispenser/warmer voor doekjes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1722 : Geur doekjes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1753 : Verpakking doekjes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2341 : Draaddikte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2903 : Materiaal draad/touw
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2451 : Onderhoudsartikelen houtblazer inbegrepen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3389 : Werkcapaciteit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2309 : Kransontwerp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2757 : Jachttype
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2312 : Categorie draadgarengewicht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2296 : Ritssluitingsstijl
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2268 : Type zoom
