# Shopify Product Taxonomy - Attributes: 2024-10-unstable
# Format: {GID} : {Attribute name}

gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2649 : AI-applikation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2703 : Däcktyp för fyrhjuling/terrängfordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2184 : Slipande material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1460 : Absintstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1461 : Absintsort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/894  : Absorptionsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2972 : Detaljer för absorberande hygienprodukter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2529 : Akademisk nivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2956 : Tillbehör - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/50   : Tillbehörsstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2461 : Stämning av dragspel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1598 : Aktiv ingrediens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2995 : Detaljer för träningskläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/5    : Aktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1547 : Design på aktivitetsspårare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1543 : Format på akupunkturmodell
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1544 : Typ av akupunkturmodell
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3376 : Ytterligare detaljer för programvara för animering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3378 : Typ av ytterligare programvara för design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3373 : Ytterligare detaljer för programvara för ekonomi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3377 : Ytterligare detaljer för grafisk programvara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3379 : Ytterligare detaljer för programvara för publicering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3372 : Ytterligare detaljer för programvara för säkerhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2319 : Typ av lim
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3354 : Produktform för aftershave
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/30   : Åldersgrupp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2274 : Åldersbegränsningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2708 : Form av luftfräschare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4050 : Airfryerfunktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3182 : Detaljer för luftmadrass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3329 : Typ av matning för airbrush
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3328 : Driftmetod airbrush
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2287 : Albumtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1362 : Varningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1451 : Allergeninformation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1577 : Allergentesttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1631 : Allergener
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3138 : Detaljer för allergivänligt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1800 : Förstärkarklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2690 : Förstärkarkonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1808 : Lämplig plats för förstärkare/booster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1258 : Typ av förankring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2198 : Tillämpning för vindmätare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1883 : Stödda vinklar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1289 : Metestil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2550 : Djurfoderform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1308 : Typ av djur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1828 : Typ av antenn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3340 : Typ av åldersbekämpande hudvård
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2710 : Typ av frostskyddsmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1316 : Appliceringsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1639 : Applikatormaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3344 : Typ av applikator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2314 : Form på applikation/lapp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2980 : Detaljer för akvariumfilter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1708 : Ljusspektrum för akvarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3228 : Design på uppsamlingslådor för akvarie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1302 : Bågskytteaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2888 : Bågskytteutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1303 : Bågskytte stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4365 : Typ av måltavla för bågskytte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2496 : Arrangemang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2883 : Pilfjädring - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2969 : Pil/skäkta - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2299 : Appliceringsmetod för konstfixativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3429 : Konströrelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2386 : Konststil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2930 : Konst- och hobbyverktyg - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3430 : Konstverkets autenticitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2796 : Konstram - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2666 : Typ av konstverk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3387 : Teknologi assisterad bromsning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1737 : Fastsättningsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/844  : Fastsättningsalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1267 : Fastsättningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1806 : Ljud D/A-konverterare (Dac)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1822 : Kompatibla ljudkodekar/-format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1813 : Ljudanslutning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3309 : Typ av ljudmixer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1801 : Ljudutgångskanal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1802 : Ljudutgångsformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3066 : Detaljer för ljudspelare/inspelare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1818 : Ljudändamål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1803 : Ljudteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3074 : Detaljer för ljud- och skanningskonverterare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3370 : Autentiseringsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2374 : Autenticitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2016 : Autofokuslägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2613 : Steriliseringsmetod med autoklav
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2361 : Typ av autograf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2583 : Automatisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2526 : Prisdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2525 : Pristillfälle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1426 : Markistyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2823 : Design på markis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1836 : Typ av BIOS
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1759 : Förpackningsmaterial barndryck
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1758 : Smak på barnmat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1761 : Format på bröstmjölksersättning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1717 : Babypresentartiklar ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1720 : Babyhälsoartiklar ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3026 : Detaljer för babyvakt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1762 : Smak på bebissnacks
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1763 : Konsistens på bebissnacks
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2997 : Detaljer för baby- och småbarnskläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3029 : Säkerhetsfunktioner baby- och småbarnsutrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3103 : Detaljer för baby- och småbarnsmöbler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3318 : Baby-/småbarnsmöbler som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3254 : Stil på mössa för baby/småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3247 : Stil på strumpor och trikåer för baby/småbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3107 : Detaljer för baby-/barnstolar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3246 : Stil på baby-/barnpyjamas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1531 : Typ av baksida
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2047 : Bakgrundsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2185 : Stödmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1527 : Typ av ryggstöd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2958 : Väskstängning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2222 : Väskremstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3365 : Stil på väska
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2725 : Väsktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3006 : Detaljer för väska/fodral
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2784 : Väska/fodral - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3258 : Detaljer för väsk-/fodralförvaring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3100 : Bageriartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3360 : Bakningsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1394 : Baktillbehör ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2813 : Form på bakningsverktyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1486 : Bakverk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2812 : Bakplåt - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2844 : Boll - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1206 : Bollstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2505 : Ballongpaket ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2506 : Ballongform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2242 : Bandstyrka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2507 : Bannerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2860 : Typ av stångmontering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1902 : Gränssnitt för streckkodsläsare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1903 : Kompatibel streckkod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1648 : Cylindermaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3359 : Bartillbehörsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2810 : Bartillbehör - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1660 : Basolja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1471 : Grundsprit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1795 : Bastyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1970 : Typ av baseball och softball
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2798 : Korg - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2846 : Basketutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2462 : Uppsättning av basknappar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2845 : Slagträ - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1209 : Slagträ standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3319 : Badrumsmöbelsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2141 : Design av badkarsbotten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3117 : Detaljer för badkar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2142 : Badkarskjolform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2398 : Batongreppsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1926 : Battericellstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3087 : Detaljer för batteri
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3196 : Detaljer för batterihantering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1682 : Batteristorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1856 : Batteriteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1571 : Batterityp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2318 : Pärlform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2401 : Taktindelning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1546 : Typ av sängpanna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3108 : Detaljer för säng/ram
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1441 : Sängkläder ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1259 : Sängstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1453 : Ölstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1454 : Ölsort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2579 : Klockdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2580 : Klockljud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2721 : Typ av bälte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/41   : Bästa användningsområden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2213 : Typ av avfasning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1976 : Dryckesproduktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1771 : Haklappsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1275 : Cykelbromstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3184 : Detaljer för cykel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2233 : Pärmringform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1319 : Bindande fäste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2237 : Bindningsstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2959 : Design på kikare och monokikare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3122 : Detaljer för tillbehör till biometrimätare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3218 : Design på fågelbur/ställ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3219 : Fågelmatsform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3220 : Ingredienser fågelmat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3221 : Typ av fågelgodis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2508 : Design av födelsedagsljus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3293 : Typ av födelsedagsljus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3099 : Bitter sort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1220 : Bladkurva
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2189 : Bladutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1388 : Bladmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1251 : Bladtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2614 : Blandningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2808 : Stil på persienn/rullgardin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1578 : Komponenter för blodprovssats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1255 : Bräda med konkav form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3191 : Detaljer för brädspel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2759 : Brädspelsmekanik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2092 : Skivmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2264 : Skivmonteringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1256 : Brädprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2267 : Skivyta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1312 : Brädtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2754 : Båttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1563 : Kroppsdel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3259 : Typ av kroppssmycke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2190 : Husmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3331 : Typ av kroppsfärg/foundation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1678 : Typ av kropps-/ansiktshår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1371 : Pannsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2123 : Bultform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2538 : Bokomslagstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2966 : Bok-/arkivomslag - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2230 : Bokmärkesdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2231 : Bokmärkesform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1204 : Kängstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1284 : Kängtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2015 : Boroskopdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2390 : Typ av flaskförslutning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1768 : Flaskdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1691 : Flasktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3044 : Detaljer för flaskvärmare/-sterilisator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2221 : Stängning av flaska/behållare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2938 : Hårrosett - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2970 : Bågmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3187 : Detaljer för pilbåge/armborst
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2726 : Lådtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1195 : Typ av BH-knäppning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1196 : BH-täckning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2996 : Detaljer för bh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1191 : BH-bandtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3250 : Stil på bh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1192 : BH-supportnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3260 : Design på armband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2115 : Utförande av hållare/konsol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1462 : Brandysort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1663 : Certifieringar för munsprayer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3090 : Avancerade funktioner brygga/router
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2228 : Ljusstyrkenivåer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1408 : Borstmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1603 : Borstform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4366 : Broadheaddesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2885 : Broadhead/Field Point - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3279 : Penselapplicering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1613 : Användning av borsthuvud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2792 : Borste - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2346 : Borststorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1685 : Borsttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1391 : Buggtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2912 : Byggskiva - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2076 : Form av förbrukningsmaterial för byggnation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3397 : Typ av byggleksak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1437 : Typ av glödlampssockel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1438 : Form på glödlampa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1435 : Lampstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2573 : Bulldozerbladtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2632 : Kulskyddsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3068 : Detaljer för megafon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2566 : Form på tackor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1292 : Material på bakstycke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2295 : Knapp-/snäppstängningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3123 : Ingredienser CBD
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1790 : Skåptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2908 : Kabelhölje - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1892 : Kabelskärmning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1276 : Kabeltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3415 : Koffeininnehåll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2720 : Burtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3368 : Typ av räknartillbehör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3159 : Detaljer för miniräknare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2238 : Kalenderformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3153 : Detaljer för kalender/organiserare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3390 : Kamsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2018 : Kamera HD-typ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2006 : Kamerafäste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2002 : Typ av knapp/ratt för kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2000 : Typ av kamerakontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2017 : Kameradisplayteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3062 : Detaljer för kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1997 : Typ av kamerautrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1979 : Typ av kameraobjektiv
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1995 : Kameramonteringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1998 : Kamerasensortyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1330 : Kameraform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2277 : Ljussatsartiklar ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2836 : Ljus - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2801 : Form på ljus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2278 : Ljustyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1494 : Konserverat kött, sort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1431 : Sufflettmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2334 : Canvasfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2928 : Kanvas - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2335 : Canvastextur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2709 : Doft för billuftfräschare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1742 : Montering av bilbarnstol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1743 : Inriktning av bilbarnstol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2746 : Biltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1266 : Karbinhaketyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2872 : Form på karbinhake
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2366 : Kortattribut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2521 : Kortdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2517 : Kortformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2520 : Korthållardesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3312 : Installation av kort/adapter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2336 : Skötselråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2226 : Bäralternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1746 : Bärställningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1984 : Bärtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2597 : Vagndesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2749 : Vagntyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1825 : Patrontyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1798 : Fodraltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2691 : Kassettadaptertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1699 : Åldersgrupp för katt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1702 : Typ av kattsand
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2320 : Typ av firande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/98   : Typ av kedjelänk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2728 : Kedjetyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3049 : Detaljer för fåtölj/soffa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2265 : Griffeltavelyta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3035 : Detaljer för skötbädd/-bord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2714 : Typ av laddare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2682 : Typ av laddningskabel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2683 : Laddningsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1870 : Chassityp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2055 : Kemisk tillämpning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2058 : Typ av kemikaliebehållare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2611 : Kemisk kvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2057 : Kemisk produktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2612 : Kemisk renhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2056 : Kemiska säkerhetsfunktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2552 : Kycklingfoderstadium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2874 : Montering av barnstol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2574 : Flisningsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2596 : Utformning av kiropraktikbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3412 : Chokladtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2192 : Chucktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1502 : Cigarrkropp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3070 : Detaljer för kretskort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2164 : Utförande av automatsäkring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2163 : Form på automatsäkringspanel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2165 : Strömbrytartyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2482 : Nyckelsystem på klarinett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/108  : Typ av spänne
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1655 : Klodesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2954 : Textur av lera/slip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2735 : Rengöringsmedlets syfte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1779 : Rengöringsinstruktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1387 : Rengöringssyfte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1378 : Rengöring av ytor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2733 : Klosstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1268 : Klättringsaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2248 : Klämtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3388 : Typ av klippare/trimmer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1442 : Stängningsstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/80   : Stängningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2779 : Kläder tillbehör - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3001 : Detaljer för kläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1298 : Underset av golfklubbor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1299 : Klubbtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2070 : Applicering av beläggning/fogmassa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2509 : Drinkdekoration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1490 : Kaffecreamer sort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1398 : Kaffeinmatningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1977 : Kaffeproduktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1477 : Kafferost
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1413 : Kaffe-/teservis ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1509 : Spolanslutning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2931 : Mynt - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2861 : Typ av kraglås
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2011 : Enhet kompatibel med krage/fäste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2012 : Design med krage/fäste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1    : Färg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1962 : Standarder för färgnoggrannhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1989 : Färgmättnad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3413 : Serietidningsupplaga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3414 : Serietidningskultur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3072 : Detaljer för kommunikationsenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2555 : Kommunikationsprotokoll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2871 : Stil på Compass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1888 : Kompatibel Hdcp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2679 : Kompatibel flygplanstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2412 : Kompatibel förstärkare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1705 : Kompatibelt akvarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1764 : Kompatibel nappflasksdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1749 : Kompatibel typ av bärsele
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1752 : Kompatibel barnstolstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1751 : Kompatibel babytransporttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1212 : Kompatibel bolltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1924 : Kompatibel batteriteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1231 : Kompatibla bänkpositioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1270 : Kompatibel cykeltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2396 : Kompatibelt mässingsinstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2452 : Kompatibel klarinettyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1600 : Kompatibla kosmetikverktyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1930 : Kompatibel enhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2426 : Trumkonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2416 : Kompatibelt elektriskt/akustiskt instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1905 : Kompatibel elektronisk korttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1232 : Kompatibla övningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1944 : Kompatibelt filament
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2042 : Kompatibel filmtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2456 : Kompatibel flöjttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1967 : Kompatibelt spelformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1420 : Kompatibelt trädgårdsredskap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1430 : Kompatibel hammockdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2457 : Kompatibel munspelstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2409 : Kompatibelt instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2421 : Kompatibel tangentbordskonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1605 : Kompatibelt smink
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2019 : Kompatibla minneskort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1794 : Kompatibel mikrofontråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1898 : Kompatibel moderkortsformfaktor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2458 : Kompatibel oboetyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2443 : Kompatibelt orkesterstränginstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2590 : Kompatibel patientprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2423 : Kompatibelt slaginstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2774 : Kompatibel lekfordonstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2692 : Kompatibel spelare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2338 : Kompatibel skrivare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1837 : Kompatibel processorserie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2642 : Kompatibla programmeringsspråk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1402 : Kompatibla recept
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1968 : Kompatibel upplösning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1748 : Kompatibel sätestyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2667 : Kompatibel programvaruplattform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2524 : Kompatibel enhet för specialeffekter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3148 : Typ av kompatibel spishäll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2433 : Kompatibelt stränginstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1750 : Kompatibel barnvagnstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1369 : Kompatibel vakuumtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1714 : Kompatibelt fordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1588 : Kompatibla gånghjälpmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1235 : Kompatibelt styrketräningstillbehör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2643 : Efterlevnadscertifikat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1831 : Komponentutgångstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1829 : Förpackningstyp för komponent
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1966 : Komprimeringsformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1595 : Komprimeringsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1897 : Datortillbehör ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1871 : Datorformulär
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3078 : Detaljer för datorserver
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3077 : Specialfunktioner för dator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2463 : Knappuppsättning på concertina
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2360 : Skick
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1652 : Balsameffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1557 : Kondomtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2144 : Anslutande tråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2028 : Anslutningsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1811 : Anslutningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1272 : Anslutningsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2129 : Kontaktutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1830 : Kön på kontakt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1969 : Konsolsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1629 : Innehåll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2770 : Tema för byggset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1990 : Kontrast
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1955 : Kontrastförhållande (typiskt)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2413 : Styrfunktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2558 : Styrmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1359 : Styrteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1331 : Styrtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2556 : Controllerdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2559 : Typ av controller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1986 : Konverterfunktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2584 : Transportördrift
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4049 : Köksenheter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1493 : Tillagningsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1487 : Sort av matlagningsvin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3361 : Köksartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3147 : Detaljer för verktyg för matlagning och bakning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2811 : Verktyg för matlagning och bakning - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1872 : Kylteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2118 : Fästsystem för sladdar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3155 : Detaljer för korrigerare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2494 : Corsage/Boutonni√®re-design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1857 : Kosmetiskt skick
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1614 : Kosmetisk finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1630 : Kosmetisk funktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2564 : Kostymtema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2577 : Skivform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2364 : Land
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1784 : Design på lockförslutning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3012 : Detaljer för omslag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1341 : Skyddsmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2707 : Överdragstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2659 : Täckningsregion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3277 : Typ av Hobbykniv/embosser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3278 : Typ av hobbydekorationsverktyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2345 : Hobbyknivsutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3273 : Design på piprensare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2321 : Typ av hantverksprojekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2329 : Typ av hantverk-/skulptureringsprojekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3015 : Detaljer för konstram/stretcher
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3013 : Detaljer för hobbymatta/-dyna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2873 : Typ av fäste för stegjärn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2293 : Typ av projekt för kreativt skapande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3104 : Detaljer för spjälsäng/barnsäng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2849 : Cricket-utrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1589 : Krycktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2375 : Kristallsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1239 : Köstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1240 : Kötyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1241 : Kögrepp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1495 : Kök
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1447 : Kulinariskt botaniskt namn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/17   : Kupstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1650 : Typ av locktång
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1791 : Valuta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2610 : Valutatyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2654 : Kundsupportkanaler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3367 : Knivalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1422 : Skärmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1278 : Cykelstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3069 : Detaljer för DJ-utrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3310 : Kompatibilitet DJ-programvara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3418 : Dansstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1858 : Datanätverk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2782 : Dekoration - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2348 : Dekorativ stämpeldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2365 : Valör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3349 : Form på tandtråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1664 : Tjockleksnivå för tandtråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3350 : Typ av tandtråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3351 : Rekommenderad användning av tandskydd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1665 : Certifieringar för tandskydd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2563 : Tandkrämssmak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2561 : Tandvårdsartiklar ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1667 : Basfärg för tandprotes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3352 : Täckning tandprotes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3353 : Design på protes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1668 : Färg på tandproteser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2650 : Implementeringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3154 : Detaljer för skrivbordsorganiserare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1570 : Detaljerade ingredienser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1579 : Detekterbara droger
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3357 : Driftläge detektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2582 : Detektorkänslighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1368 : Detektortyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3027 : Utvecklingsegenskaper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/845  : Enhetsgränssnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2197 : Enhetsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3392 : Fingerfärdighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3364 : Tilläggsfunktioner för skötväska
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1754 : Delar i blöjkit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3037 : Detaljer för blöjorganiserare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1757 : Blöjstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1573 : Blöjtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2761 : Tärningsform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1834 : Dielektrisk typ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1452 : Kostpreferenser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3098 : Kosttillskott
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1567 : Kostanvändning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2768 : Svårighetsgrad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2048 : Diffusorutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1809 : Digital ljudbearbetning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1414 : Matservis ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1379 : Smutsavskiljningsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2575 : Uttömningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2662 : Diskformattyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1384 : Dispensertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3166 : Detaljer för anslagstavla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1730 : Skärmfärgläge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3176 : Detaljer för display
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2046 : Displayläge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2548 : Rekommenderad displayanvändning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1334 : Skärmupplösning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2622 : Skyltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1248 : Skärmteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3054 : Detaljer för engångshandskar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2994 : Detaljer för engångs-/återanvändbar påse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2950 : Engångsartiklar/återanvändbara artiklar - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3386 : Dykdatorartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2866 : Stil på dykregulator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2864 : Utrustning för dykning och snorkling som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1703 : Åldersgrupp för hund
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3225 : Typ av hundblöja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3226 : Typ av hundleksak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3399 : Typ av docka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3192 : Detaljer för dock-/lekset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2080 : Dörrstängarutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2085 : Dörrkarmsytbehandling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2089 : Dörrglasytbehandling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3322 : Dörrisolering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2086 : Dörrvredsfunktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1520 : Dörrmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2087 : Placering av dörrstopp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1724 : Design på dörrstopp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2090 : Lämplig dörrplats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2091 : Dörrytbehandling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1521 : Dörrtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2960 : Dörr-/karmmontering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1747 : Dubbel barnvagnskonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2146 : Avloppsplats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2280 : Rit-/målarsats ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3014 : Detaljer för form av klänning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3244 : Klädtillfälle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3245 : Stil på klänning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3120 : Detaljer för borr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2604 : Borrmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2605 : Borriggsorientering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2820 : Drinktillbehör - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1415 : Glas ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3411 : Form på glas och karaffer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2217 : Drivningsstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2576 : Drivtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2470 : Trumkonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3287 : Justerbarhet för trumman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2934 : Trumma hårdvara - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1492 : Sort av torra bönor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1380 : Torr/våt rengöring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2134 : Torkarteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1601 : Torkhastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3326 : Design på trumma
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2135 : Kanalform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1950 : Duplexteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3111 : Detaljer för hållbarhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1381 : Typ av dammbehållare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2638 : Typ av dammask
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1223 : Dynamisk nivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1878 : Kompatibla e-boksformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1510 : Stil på e-cigarett/vaporizer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1506 : E-vätskesmak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1507 : E-vätskesort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2904 : Displayteknik för E-bokläsare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2672 : ESRB-klassning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3197 : Detaljer för elfordonsbatteri
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2688 : Batterityp för elfordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2686 : EV-kontakt/adaptertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2687 : Komponenter för elfordonskonverteringssats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3132 : Appliceringsmetod för öronvård
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3064 : Detaljer för hörlurar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1636 : Användning av öronproppar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3261 : Design på örhänge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2078 : Kantstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2818 : Typ av kant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2657 : Utbildningsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1353 : Artiklar för äggdekoration ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3296 : Äggvändning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3292 : Delar till elektroniska trumset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2927 : Utsmyckning/trim - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2288 : Utsmyckning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2327 : Typ av präglingsprojekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2454 : Hålform för embouchure
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1363 : Nödartiklar ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2623 : Utformning av varnings-/säkerhetsskyltar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1945 : Locktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1370 : Energieffektivitetsklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1956 : Energieffektivitetsklass (Hdr)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1957 : Energieffektivitetsklass (Sdr)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2175 : Motorkonstruktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2176 : Motorns syfte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2694 : Motortyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2527 : Gravering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3156 : Detaljer för kuvert
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2514 : Kuvertförseglingsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2371 : Epok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1936 : Ethernet LAN-gränssnittstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1372 : Förångningsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2275 : Typ av evenemang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2859 : Träningsutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2858 : Träningsutrustning - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2979 : Detaljer för träningsmaskin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1838 : Expansionsplatser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2026 : Exponeringskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2492 : Utökat saxofonomfång
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3051 : Detaljer för bärbar defibrillator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1365 : Brandsläckarklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1366 : Typ av släckmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1404 : Extraktionstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1609 : Stil på pormaskborttagare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1656 : Form på ögonkudde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1618 : Ögonskuggseffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1602 : Design på applikator för lösögonfransar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2833 : Ögonfransar - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3333 : Typ av ögonfrans
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2946 : Okular/adapter - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3257 : Design på glasögonbågar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2842 : Glasögonbågar - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2841 : Ögonlinser - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2777 : Tyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3276 : Tygstruktur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3342 : Ansiktsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3335 : Typ av ansiktspuder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3406 : Design på frontplatta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2625 : Anläggningsskyltdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3337 : Appliceringsmetod för lösnaglar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2122 : Ytbehandling på fästelement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2926 : Fästelement - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1219 : Typ av fästelement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1479 : Fetthalt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2145 : Krangänga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2989 : Funktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2261 : Matningssystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1851 : Fottyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3133 : Detaljer för hygienartiklar för kvinnor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2107 : Staketkomponenter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2310 : Typ av fiberkonstprojekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3301 : Fältets planhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2663 : Filformatstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2832 : Form på fil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1342 : Fyllnadsmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1343 : Stoppning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2715 : Typ av stoppning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1361 : Filmappliceringsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1991 : Filmformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2027 : Filmtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2816 : Filter - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1706 : Filtertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1953 : Filtreringslägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2633 : Filtreringsklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2865 : Fena - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1250 : Typ av simfena
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1254 : Fenprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1906 : Fingeravtrycksmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1346 : Slutlig form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2062 : Finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3358 : Brandsläckarartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1514 : Fasthet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1712 : Delar i förstahjälpensats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1562 : Användning av förstahjälpenutrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3265 : Stil på lära-gå-vagn/crawler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1709 : Typ av fisk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1293 : Fiskespö aktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1294 : Fiskespö kraft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2880 : Fisketråd - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/35   : Passform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2696 : Typ av montering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1352 : Typ av fastsättning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1347 : Flaggform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2719 : Typ av varningslampa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3400 : Tema på frågekort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1993 : Blixtlägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1994 : Blixttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2915 : Bandstål - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3266 : Stil på platta skor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2821 : Matbestick - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1416 : Bestick ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1458 : Smak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2387 : Smakprofil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1320 : Flexibilitetsklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3274 : Design på blomtråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1484 : Typ av mjöl/korn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1765 : Typ av flödeshastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3356 : Typ av rökrör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2522 : Vätsketyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2157 : Spolsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2484 : Flöjtkonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2307 : Skumform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1981 : Fokusjustering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1996 : Typ av skärpeenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1982 : Fokustyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2262 : Typ av vikning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1744 : Vikmekanism
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2669 : Typsnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2814 : Matväska - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1410 : Matdispensertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1978 : Livsmedelsproduktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2815 : Matförvaring - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2670 : Typ av bild- och filmmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2427 : Typ av fotbräda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2783 : Skor - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1392 : Kompatibla format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1760 : Formelnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2376 : Fossiltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2895 : Foundation - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1637 : Doft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1755 : Doftnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2266 : Ramdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3137 : Stil på ram
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3300 : Typ av frekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2201 : Frekvensvägning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1804 : Frekvens/radioband som stöds
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1478 : Fruktkälla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2109 : Bränsletillsatser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3114 : Detaljer för bränslebehållare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2110 : Bränsleklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2113 : Bränslerenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1927 : Bränslekälla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2177 : Bränsletillförsel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3102 : Detaljer för möbler/inredning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2786 : Möbler/inredning - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2660 : GPS-kompatibel enhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3088 : Detaljer för GPS-enhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3374 : Typ av GPS-karta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3375 : GPS-programvara fokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2510 : Spelkomponenter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2511 : Spelsvårighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3190 : Detaljer för spel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2512 : Spelnamn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2760 : Spelfärdigheter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1245 : Spel ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1417 : Trädgårdsbruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1375 : Design på apparater för ångning av kläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2962 : Upptäckta gaser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1727 : Grindmonteringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2697 : Typ av mätare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2843 : Utrustning - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1290 : Växelförhållande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1282 : Växeltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1488 : Gelstyrka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2535 : Genre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2377 : Geologisk era
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2502 : Design av presentpåshandtag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1718 : Format på gåvoset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1463 : Ginsort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2302 : Glansig finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2106 : Typ av glasning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3019 : Detaljer för limpistol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3281 : Limpistolteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1625 : Limstyrka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1972 : Typ av golfboll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2882 : Golfutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2367 : Klassificering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1992 : Korn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2391 : Druvsort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1873 : Typ av grafikkort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3313 : Tillbehör för digitalt ritbord som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3081 : Specialfunktioner för digitalt ritbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2897 : Grus/substrat - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1405 : Fettfiltermaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3416 : Malningsstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2428 : Grepptextur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1216 : Grepptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2186 : Kornstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1721 : Format på rakningssats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3288 : Typ av gitarrbeslag/del
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2479 : Gitarrstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2098 : Monteringstyp för ränna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3112 : Stil på hängränna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1959 : Hdr-format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2137 : Typ av kontroller för värme, ventilation och luftkonditionering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2898 : Habitat - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1645 : Hårvårdsfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3346 : Hårvårdsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1647 : Hårvårdsteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3332 : Hårfärg/-nyans
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1643 : Typ av håravfall
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3347 : Typ av hårsax
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3348 : Hårstylingartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3135 : Detaljer för hårstylingverktyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1199 : Hårtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2920 : Hammarhuvud - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1208 : Handsida
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3183 : Typ av handvärmare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2581 : Typ av handfängsellås
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2194 : Handtagsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1669 : Greppstruktur på handtag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1295 : Handtagsmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1597 : Handtagstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1849 : Handenhetstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3003 : Detaljer för handskar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2780 : Handskar - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3255 : Typ av handskar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1530 : Design hängstol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1459 : Hård cider-sort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3086 : Detaljer för hårddisk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3314 : Formfaktor på hårddisk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3315 : Installation av hårddisk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2634 : Hjälmklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2255 : Hårdhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2081 : Ytbehandling på beslag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2790 : Maskinvara - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2132 : Monteringstyp med beslag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2094 : Lövträvirkeskvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1269 : Stängningstyp för sele
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2481 : Harpstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2093 : Lämplig luckplats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2636 : Hazmat-dräktdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2485 : Munstycke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1807 : Typ av hörlursuttag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1814 : Hörlursstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3004 : Detaljer för huvudbonader
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3124 : Detaljer för hörselhjälpmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2828 : Hörselhjälpmedel - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1654 : Värmefunktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1485 : Värmenivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1649 : Värmeinställningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2825 : Värmekälla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1499 : Uppvärmningsinstruktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1772 : Uppvärmningsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1773 : Uppvärmningshastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/128  : Klackhöjd typ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3267 : Typ av klackskor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2404 : Höjdjustering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2639 : Hjälmskärmsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2717 : Dragkroksklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1274 : Typ av draganordning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2852 : Hockeyutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1646 : Fixeringsgrad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2130 : Krokutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2352 : Krokgreppsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2353 : Krokstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2731 : Kroktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1288 : Ringform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1286 : Hästkategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2879 : Hästvårdstillbehör som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2919 : Slang - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1919 : Värdgränssnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3317 : Hubb/omkopplare lagringsalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3289 : Design på luftfuktare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1450 : Fuktighetskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3297 : Fuktkontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3391 : Design på jaktgömsle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2870 : Design på jakt-/överlevnadskniv
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1565 : Typ av ispåse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2664 : Ikontyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2169 : Tändningssystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2620 : Belysningsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2020 : Bildformat som stöds
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1999 : Bildsensorstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2718 : Typ av startspärr
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2282 : Doft av rökelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3270 : Rökelsekitsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2283 : Typ av rökelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2651 : Branschfokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1715 : Åldersgrupp för spädbarn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3385 : Inflationsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1569 : Ingredienskategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2449 : Ingrediens ursprung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1385 : Ingredienser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2347 : Bläckappliceringsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2301 : Bläckform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2305 : Bläcktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1310 : Inlinesåkning, stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2419 : In-/utgångsportar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1899 : Instruktionsarkitektur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2933 : Instrument tillbehör - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1908 : Instrumentcontrollertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2940 : Instrument - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2936 : Instrument del - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2937 : Instrumentsträng - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3285 : Typ av instrumentstöd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2776 : Instrument-/tillbehörsfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2913 : Isolering - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2063 : Avsedd användning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2466 : Gränssnittstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1874 : Kompatibel formfaktor för intern hårddisk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3000 : Detaljer för intimplagg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2689 : Typ av växelriktare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2518 : Personlig design av inbjudningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3142 : Detaljer för strykning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2680 : Artikelns skick
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2948 : Artikel - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2493 : Artikelstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1237 : Typ J-kopp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3275 : Typ av smyckesdelar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2781 : Smycken - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2313 : Typ av smyckeprojekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2285 : Typ av smyckesset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/60   : Typ av smycke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3172 : Ledanslutning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3173 : Ledtyp fram
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1242 : Ledstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3382 : Design på hopprep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2765 : Material för hoppyta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1824 : Karaokelägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2112 : Applicering av fotogen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2138 : Nyckelsyfte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2473 : Tangentbordsåtgärd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1909 : Tangentbordsformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3291 : Typ av tangentbordstangent
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1911 : Tangentbordslayout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1914 : Tangentbordsporttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3082 : Specialfunktioner tangentbord
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1912 : Typ av tangentbordsknappar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1879 : Tangentbordstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1335 : Knappsatsstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2383 : Byggsatstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1411 : Köksredskap ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3320 : Köks- och matrumsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1253 : Kitesurfingstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1263 : Knivtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2953 : Typ av stickning/stoppning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2414 : Vredfunktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2415 : Knoppstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2116 : Utförande på knopp/handtag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1885 : Lnb-utgång
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1886 : Lnb-teknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3011 : Typ av märkningsprojekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2615 : Konstruktion av laboratoriefrysar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2851 : Lacrosseutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2732 : Stegtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3369 : Lamineringsläge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2041 : Lamptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1733 : Språk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2536 : Språkversion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2270 : Laserljuskälla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2196 : Svarvtillämpning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3145 : Detaljer för tvättmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2254 : Blyertsklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3233 : Design på koppel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2330 : Läder-/vinyltextur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2271 : Monteringstyp för talarstol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1852 : Benlåstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1853 : Bensektioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1985 : Enhet kompatibel med objektivlock
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1693 : Linsbeläggning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2249 : Linskonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1987 : Objektivfiltereffekter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1988 : Objektivfiltertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/77   : Linspolarisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3303 : Typ av objektivförvaring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1694 : Linstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2957 : Objektiv/objektglas - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2646 : Licenstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1786 : Locktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3175 : Detaljer för flytväst
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2229 : Typ av ljusfäste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1360 : Ljuskontroll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2008 : Lätt design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2021 : Ljusexponeringslägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2050 : Ljusfilter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1740 : Ljusalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1333 : Ljuskälla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1574 : Ljusspektrum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1244 : Ljustemperatur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2742 : Ljustyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2982 : Detaljer för belysning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3056 : Belysningsalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2247 : Radavståndsalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2729 : Typ av lina eller rep
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1621 : Läppglanseffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3336 : Design på läppenna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1622 : Läppstiftseffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1464 : Likörsort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2551 : Ingredienser för djurfoder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2117 : Lastkapacitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2723 : Typ av lastramp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1374 : Laddningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2738 : Låsplacering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1236 : Låstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1726 : Låsmekanism
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2388 : Lovibond
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1676 : Applicering av glidmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1677 : Glidmedelssammansättning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2060 : Typ av smörjmedelsdispenser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2397 : Smörjmedelsform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2914 : Typ av timmer/trä
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2407 : Fastsättningstyp för lyra/vändmapp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2430 : Midi-anslutbarhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1797 : Tillbehör till MP3-spelare ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2547 : Mpaa-klassning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1350 : Magnettyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2616 : Förstoring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3334 : Sminkfärg/-nyans
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3130 : Detaljer för smink
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2935 : Klubba - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2681 : Typ av tillverkare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3089 : Detaljer för Marine navigator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2256 : Utförande av markeringspennspets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1619 : Maskaraeffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1594 : Masktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2910 : Murverk - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2061 : Murverksproduktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2839 : Textur massagestenar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1528 : Massageteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2964 : Mattbas - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2788 : Form på hallmatta/matta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4    : Material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2148 : Materialfasthet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1222 : Materialhårdhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3002 : Detaljer för mammakläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3252 : Stil på gravidpyjamas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3109 : Detaljer för madrass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2617 : Maximal förstoring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1550 : Mätmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1554 : Mättyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1496 : Köttsnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1500 : Köttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2539 : Medieåtkomst
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2546 : Typ av medieinnehåll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1823 : Medieformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2542 : Avsnittet Media
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2540 : Medietema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3126 : Detaljer för medicinska larm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3330 : Typ av medicinsk identifiering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2601 : Syfte för medicinsk spruta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2826 : Medicinsk tejp - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2963 : Form av medicin/tillskott
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2362 : Medium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2487 : Melodikastil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1900 : Minneskanaler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1875 : Minnesformfaktor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2031 : Minneslagringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1840 : Minnesteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1638 : Form på menskopp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3737 : Meshtyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3050 : Detaljer för metalldetektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2131 : Applicering av metallgjutning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2741 : Mätartyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1551 : Mätvärden som stöds
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4364 : Mikrometertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3425 : Mikrofondesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1796 : Mikrofontråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1815 : Mikrofontyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2378 : Mineralklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2618 : Minsta förstoring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2560 : Spegelhandtagsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1827 : Mixertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1736 : Typ av mobilmontering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1738 : Mobil rörelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3073 : Detaljer för mobilskal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1582 : Permobiltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3127 : Detaljer för mobilitet/tillgänglighetsutrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2395 : Modellstyrningsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2393 : Typ av tillbehör till modelljärnvägar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3022 : Modelltågstema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1867 : Moduleringsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3341 : Typ av fuktkräm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2955 : Form på gjutform/kap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2097 : Listtillämpning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2119 : Listform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2795 : Typ av bildskärmsmontering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2905 : Form på monitor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2007 : Monitortyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3085 : Specialfunktioner bildskärm/skärm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1841 : Tillverkare av moderkort-kretsuppsättning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1842 : Moderkortsformfaktor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3071 : Detaljer för minne för moderkort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1734 : Rörelse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2793 : Typ av rörelsedetektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2162 : Motorstartmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2698 : Placering av motorfordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2695 : Typ av motorfordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2750 : Drivsystem för motorcykel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2716 : Syfte för motorcykelhandske
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2702 : Typ av motorcykeldäck
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2751 : Motorcykel-/skotertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2789 : Fäste - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3023 : Monterings-/stativfunktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2794 : Monteringsutrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1205 : Monteringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3080 : Detaljer för musmatta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1915 : Typ av musport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1917 : Musteknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3083 : Detaljer för mus/trackball
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3381 : Design på munskydd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2483 : Munstycke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1843 : Multi-Gpu-teknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3128 : Design på muskelstimulator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1793 : Musikgenre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2441 : Notställsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2488 : Tonart
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3338 : Nagelkonstartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3131 : Detaljer för nagelvård
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1623 : Nageldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3339 : Nagellackstork form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1624 : Nagelform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2673 : Nationell/regional klassning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1958 : Inbyggt bildförhållande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3129 : Design på nebulisator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1591 : Nebulisatorteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3262 : Design på halsband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/32   : Halsringning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2354 : Typ av nålöga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2602 : Nålmätare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1545 : Nålmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2355 : Nålstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3271 : Typ av broderikit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2054 : Förvaring av negativ och diabilder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2848 : Nät - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2855 : Typ av nätmontering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1895 : Nätverkskabelgränssnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1937 : Kompatibla nätverksprotokoll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1938 : Nätverksstandarder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1198 : Stil på nattlinnen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1769 : Nippelmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1767 : Nippelform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1770 : Typ av nippel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2884 : Nock - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2516 : Ljudintensitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3366 : Design på anteckningsblock
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1666 : Typ av munstycke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1739 : Barnrumstema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1782 : Amningsskydd, täckning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1783 : Design på amningsinlägg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2902 : Form på amningskudde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1491 : Sort av nötsmör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2124 : Mutterform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1508 : Metod för bearbetning av nötter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3101 : Typ av nöt/frö
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1419 : Näringsinnehåll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2489 : Nyckelsystem på oboe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2490 : Ocarinastil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1627 : Tillfälle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1203 : Typ av tillfälle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3158 : Detaljer för kontorsvagnar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2924 : Kontorsvaror - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2922 : Kontorsmaterial - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1440 : Oljetyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3248 : Stil på onepiece
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2626 : Utförande av öppet-/stängt-skylt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1728 : Öppningsriktning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1729 : Öppningsmekanism
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2587 : Driftläge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1859 : Operativsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1373 : Driftmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1877 : Typ av optisk enhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1695 : Design på glasögonbåge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2022 : Optisk zoom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2727 : Typ av arrangör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1383 : Orientering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2975 : Detaljer för utomhusutrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3321 : Utomhusmöbelsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1432 : Tillbehör till utomhusström ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1264 : Utomhuspromenad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2998 : Detaljer för ytterkläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1931 : Typ av uttag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2434 : Utgångsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1835 : Utgångsvågform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1403 : Ugnstillbehör ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1593 : Ventiltyp för syrgastank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3311 : Typ av PCB
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2674 : PEGI-klassning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4051 : PH-värde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1941 : Pstn-anslutningsalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1723 : Design på napp/bitring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1456 : Förpackningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2272 : Förpackningsmaterial ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2608 : Visningsprofil för block
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1608 : Typ av applikator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2891 : Paddelutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3383 : Paddel/åra - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2232 : Sidlayout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2207 : Penseldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2712 : Färgfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2306 : Typ av målningsmedium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2298 : Färgtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2952 : Färg-/Färgämnesform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2889 : Paintball/airsoft-utrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2929 : Målarduk - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3428 : Målningsmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1810 : Parkopplingsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2343 : Palettdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2342 : Palettknivform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1890 : Panelspecifikation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1891 : Panelavslutning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1178 : Typ av byxlängd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3251 : Stil på strumpbyxa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2290 : Pappersfinish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2291 : Pappersformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2234 : Pappersstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2292 : Papperstextur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2240 : Papperstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2263 : Brevpressutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2308 : Papier-maché-form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1301 : Fallskärmshoppningsaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1844 : Stöd för parallell bearbetningsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3200 : Detaljer för parkeringskamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2627 : Parkeringsskyltsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1832 : Passband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1412 : Pastaform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1498 : Pastatyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3    : Mönster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2357 : Mönsterfördelningsformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2422 : Pedalpolaritet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2257 : Typ av penna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2967 : Design på penna/filtpenna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3162 : Detaljer för penna/blyertspenna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3371 : Design på pennvässare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2258 : Typ av blyertspenna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2432 : Utförande av slagverksstativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2429 : Form av slagverksspets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2652 : Prestandamätningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1671 : Peroxidhalt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3217 : Typ av vattenskoter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2504 : Personlig design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1719 : Anpassningsalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1418 : Skadedjursbekämpningsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2984 : Detaljer för husdjurskläder/-bäddar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2986 : Detaljer för tillbehör för kontroll av husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3238 : Kostpreferenser för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1700 : Kostbehov för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1701 : Smak på husdjursfoder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3222 : Form för djurfoder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3223 : Kosttillskott för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3230 : Design på hårtork för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3231 : Hastighetsinställningar för hårtork för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3234 : Design på medicinsk krage för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3235 : Typ av sjukvårdsartiklar för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1711 : Tillbehör för djurvakt ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3232 : Typ av kloverktyg för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3237 : Typ av spray/medel för husdjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1698 : Formulär för husdjursprodukter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3229 : Design på husdjurstermometer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3236 : Typ av hundtränare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1704 : Konsistens på husdjursgodis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3224 : Typ av hundgodis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2557 : Fastyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2023 : Fotoeffekttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2043 : Fotografisk kemisk form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2044 : Fotografisk pappersstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2045 : Fotografisk papperstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3025 : Tilläggsfunktioner för piano
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2474 : Pianopedaler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2475 : Pianostorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2440 : Plektrumutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3290 : Design på pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2435 : Pickupmonteringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2437 : Plats för pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2436 : Pickuptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2553 : Grisfoderstadium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1327 : Luggtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1785 : Kuddform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2356 : Stiftstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2862 : Bordtennisutrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3174 : Detaljer för bordtennisrobot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2140 : Utförande av rörklämma
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1503 : Rörform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2519 : Pi√±ata design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2161 : Möjlig placering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1445 : Egenskaper hos växt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1338 : Växtklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1339 : Växtens namn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4052 : Växtfas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2822 : Växtstöd - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1651 : Typ av tallrik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3294 : Spelutrustningsartiklar som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3395 : Rutschkana - design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3402 : Spela framdrivning av fordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3295 : Detaljer för design av lekhage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1964 : Format på uppspelningsskivor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1826 : Drivtyp för spelare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1217 : Spelarposition
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3095 : Specialfunktioner spelare/inspelare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2764 : Lekstugekonstruktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1925 : Pluggtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2069 : Applicering av primer för rörledningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2143 : Vattenlåskonstruktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2208 : Kolvform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2095 : Plywoodkvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2585 : Pneumatisk transportördrift
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1943 : PoE-standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2244 : Spetsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1913 : Pekdon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1816 : Polarmönster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1887 : Polarisering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2965 : Stolpe/påle - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2628 : Design av regelskylt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2834 : Polish torr form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1626 : Form på nagellacksborttagare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2736 : Typ av polermedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2468 : Polyfoni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1634 : Bärbarhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3021 : Detaljer för frimärke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2389 : Potentiellt extrakt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1789 : Delar i potträningskit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1788 : Design på pott-/toalettsits
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1221 : Strömkälla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1580 : Graviditetstestkänslighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3165 : Detaljer för presentationsförsörjning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2621 : Konserveringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3403 : Typ av låtsaselektronikleksak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3404 : Typ av hushållsutrustningsleksak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2644 : Primär region
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2064 : Användningsområde för primer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1946 : Tryckteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1947 : Skrivartillbehör ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1952 : Skrivarfunktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3091 : Specialfunktioner skrivare/kopiator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1949 : Utskriftsfärg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2372 : Utskriftsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1901 : Processorkärnor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1869 : Processorfamilj
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1845 : Processoruttag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1817 : Processorteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1620 : Produktfördelar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1261 : Produktcertifieringar och -standarder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1285 : Produktform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2065 : Produktformulering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2545 : Produktmanualområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1566 : Produktsterilitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2515 : Programformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2051 : Projektionsutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2907 : Ljuskälla för projektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2114 : Propantillämpning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2740 : Propellerbladskonstruktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2562 : Design på profylaxkopp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1433 : Typ av framdrivning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2635 : Skyddstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3057 : Detaljer för skyddsutrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3302 : Design på skyddsmask
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3058 : Detaljer för skyddsmask
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2541 : Publiceringsfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2530 : Publikationstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1238 : Pull-up-stång
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1778 : Pumptillbehör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1780 : Pumphastighetsinställningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2847 : Boxnings-/träningssäck - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2772 : Docktema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2773 : Docktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2769 : Pusseltema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3396 : Typ av pussel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1307 : Kogerstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1337 : Rfid-frekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2578 : Hyllställsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2722 : Typ av hyllställ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3426 : Rackbalans
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1227 : Strängtjocklek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3427 : Rackhuvudform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2854 : Racket - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2856 : Design på racketsträng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2857 : Racketsträng - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1954 : Radarband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3316 : Radarteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1848 : Radiofodralsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1311 : Ramptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1731 : Räckviddstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2368 : Sällsynthet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1679 : Rakapparat flexibilitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1680 : Design på rakapparatshuvud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1686 : Typ av rakhyvel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1918 : Läs-/skrivhastighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3401 : Typ av läsleksak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3157 : Detaljer för kvittopapper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1658 : Lutningsfunktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2758 : Rekommenderad åldersgrupp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1218 : Rekommenderad kompetensnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2082 : Rekommenderad användning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2491 : Fingersättningssystem på blockflöjt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1821 : Inspelningstillbehör ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2246 : Inspelningskvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2752 : Typ av fritidsfordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2450 : Rörbladsstyrka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2039 : Rullkapacitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2049 : Reflektorutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3198 : Detaljer för regenerativ broms
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1467 : Region
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2676 : Regionkod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2544 : Utgivningsschema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2001 : Fjärrteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1860 : Kompatibla format på flyttbar lagringsmedia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3239 : Foderform för reptil/amfibie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3240 : Typ av terrarie för reptil/amfibie
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2531 : Forskningsfokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2532 : Forskningsmetodik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1230 : Motståndsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1229 : Motståndssystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1581 : Resultatvisning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2629 : Utförande av rea-/försäljningsskylt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3308 : Riktmedelsplan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2036 : Hårkorstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1318 : Körstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2775 : Framdrivningstyp ridleksak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2700 : Fälg-/hjulutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3263 : Design på ring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/105  : Ringstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2125 : Nitform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2630 : Vägskyltsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2379 : Stensammansättning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2380 : Stenformation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1257 : Rockertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1296 : Stavmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1329 : Stångform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1610 : Rullhuvud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1611 : Rollermaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1612 : Rulltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1358 : Takdekorform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2447 : Hartsform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2448 : Hartskvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2183 : Rotationsriktning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1884 : Rotatorstyrteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3136 : Detaljer för matta/hallmatta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2787 : Matta/hallmatta - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1465 : Romsort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2523 : SFX styrteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1861 : Simkortskapacitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1855 : Typ av SIM-kort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1713 : Spf-nivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2968 : Sadelmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1716 : Säkerhetscertifieringar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1725 : Installation av säkerhetsanordning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2949 : Säkerhetsutrustning - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1732 : Installation av säkerhetsskena
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2756 : Segelbåtstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3264 : Stil på sandaler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2181 : Tillämpning för sandbläster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2182 : Sliptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2187 : Sliptillämpning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1865 : Satellittäckningsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1866 : Satellitnätverkstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3363 : Bastutillbehör som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2195 : Monteringstyp för ställning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2381 : Tillbehörstyp skalmodell
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3284 : Typ av kit för modellbyggen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2932 : Skalmodell - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2382 : Tema för modellbygge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2599 : Skalpellbladsnummer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3053 : Form på skalpellblad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2600 : Skalpellhandtagsnummer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3092 : Detaljer för skanner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1904 : Sensortyp i streckkodsläsare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3256 : Stil på scarf/sjal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2024 : Scenlägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2344 : Typ av saxblad
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3304 : Design på kikarsikte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3305 : Typ av objektiv för kikarsikte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2037 : Utförande av kikarsikte/sikte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3063 : Detaljer för kikarsikte/sikte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3170 : Detaljer för resultattavla
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2289 : Scrapbook-papperstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1424 : Skärmmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2003 : Skärm-/displaydesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1497 : Typ av skaldjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2384 : Sigillstämpeldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1628 : Säsong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2405 : Sätesdämpning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2406 : Sätesform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1537 : Sätesstruktur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1518 : Sätestyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1939 : Säkerhetsalgoritmer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2139 : Säkerhetsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1332 : Sensortyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2988 : Detaljer för sensor-/mätverktyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2323 : Paljett-/glitterform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2645 : Typ av tjänst
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2339 : Typ av sömnadsfot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2340 : Kategori för symaskinsdelar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1300 : Skaftflexibilitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2178 : Axelorientering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1653 : Typ av schampo
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/73   : Form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1197 : Supportnivå för formgivande plagg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1684 : Rakgelsformula
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1687 : Delar i rakningssats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2066 : Glansnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2567 : Hyllmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2890 : Skal/ram - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2916 : Shingel/panna - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1321 : Skobindningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3009 : Detaljer för skor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/846  : Skopassform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/87   : Skostorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2025 : Fotograferingslägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2147 : Utformning av duschkabin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2791 : Typ av montering för duschdraperi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2152 : Duschdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3118 : Detaljer för dusch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3327 : Typ av duschöppning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2167 : Krympförhållande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2099 : Ytbehandling på fönsterlucka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2917 : Fasad - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2363 : Signaturplacering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2004 : Typ av ljuddämpare och blimp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2154 : Typ av diskbänksmontering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2155 : Typ av diskbänk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2881 : Sänke - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2778 : Storlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1313 : Skateboardåkning, stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2868 : Skidkonstruktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1317 : Skidåkning, stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2358 : Skicklighetsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1617 : Hudvårdseffekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2991 : Detaljer för hudvård
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3343 : Typ av hudvårdsmask
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1615 : Hudton
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1616 : Hudunderton
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3253 : Stil på kjol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1190 : Kjol/klänning, längdtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1515 : Material på ribbotten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/15   : Typ av ärmlängd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3268 : Stil på tofflor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3393 : Typ av spelautomat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3241 : Foderform för smådjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3242 : Ingredienser till foder för smådjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3243 : Typ av smådjursbur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1960 : Smart TV-plattform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3007 : Detaljer för smartwatch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3269 : Stil på sneakers
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2867 : Form på snorkel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2894 : Konstruktion av snowboard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1325 : Snowboarddesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1323 : Snowboardåkning, stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2753 : Typ av snöskoter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2214 : Hylsdragarspets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2170 : Uttagstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1406 : Tillbehör till kolsyremaskin ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1480 : Läsksort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3169 : Disciplin inom softboll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2052 : Monteringstyp för bouncer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2053 : Bouncerform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3167 : Detaljer för programvara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2655 : Typ av programvaruverktyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2096 : Barrträvirkeskvalitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2172 : Solcellstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2173 : Anslutningar för solpaneler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2171 : Konstruktion av solpaneler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2071 : Applicering av löd-/flussmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1376 : Typ av stryksula
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1599 : Löslighet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1690 : Lösningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2072 : Applicering av lösningsmedel/förtunningsmedel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1741 : Lugnande ljud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2420 : Ljudkontroller
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2431 : Ljudeffekter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3323 : Ljudisolering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2402 : Ljudalternativ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2411 : Högtalarkonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1819 : Högtalardesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3065 : Detaljer för högtalare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1820 : Högtalarteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2693 : Typ av högtalartelefon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1273 : Hastighetsinställningar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2121 : Spikutformning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2224 : Hjultyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1466 : Spritutspädning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1868 : Användningsområde för fördelare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3079 : Detaljer för splitter/omkopplare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1604 : Svampform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1291 : Spolmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3283 : Sportlogotyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2370 : Sporttema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1787 : Piptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2014 : Typ av spridare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1434 : Typ av sprinklerhuvud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2767 : Sprinklerform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2349 : Skrapbladsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1928 : Stackkonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1766 : Fas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1583 : Kontrolltyp för trappliftar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3113 : Detaljer för trappa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1585 : Typ av trappa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2373 : Stämpeltema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2251 : Stämpeltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3282 : Typ av stativ/display
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2243 : Tjocklek på häfttråd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3161 : Detaljer för häftapparat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1401 : Stjärnklassificering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2179 : Starttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2685 : Stationstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1393 : Bindningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2497 : Stamlängd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2734 : Stegtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1775 : Steriliseringscykeltid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1777 : Steriliseringsinstruktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1776 : Steriliseringsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2593 : Stetoskopdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2594 : Stetoskopteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2850 : Stift - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1324 : Styvhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2840 : Form på stimulatorspets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2838 : Sten - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1661 : Namn på sten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2322 : Stenform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1662 : Typ av sten
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1833 : Stoppband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1920 : Gränssnittstyp för lagringsenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1846 : Kompatibla gränssnitt för lagringsenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1922 : Typ av installerad lagringsenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1921 : Typ av lagringsmedia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2180 : Tillämpning för lagringstank
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1876 : Kompatibla lagringstyper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1364 : Spisluftflöde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3151 : Typ av spishäll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2442 : Remdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2513 : Utförande med sugrör/omrörare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2591 : Avsedd användning för bår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2477 : Storlek på stränginstrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1306 : Strängmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2990 : Detaljer för barnvagn
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1745 : Typ på barnvagnshjul
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1351 : Stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1799 : Nåltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2533 : Ämnesområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1864 : Prenumerationstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2981 : Detaljer för substrat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1781 : Sugnivåer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1935 : Lämplig för metetyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2554 : Lämplig för djurtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2294 : Lämplig för konstteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1697 : Lämplig för fågeltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3384 : Lämplig för båttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3355 : Lämplig för kropps-/ansiktshår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3227 : Lämplig för rasstorlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1980 : Lämplig för kameratyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2005 : Lämplig för kamera- och optikenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1971 : Lämplig för campingaktiviteter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1344 : Lämplig för stoltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3150 : Lämplig för containertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2300 : Lämplig för hantverksmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2083 : Lämplig för dörrtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3298 : Lämplig för äggtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2281 : Lämplig för tygtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1367 : Lämplig för brandklass
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1710 : Lämplig för fisktyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1397 : Lämplig för matberedartyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1354 : Lämplig för möbeltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1641 : Lämplig för hårtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2059 : Lämplig för materialtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1390 : Lämplig för skadedjurstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2191 : Lämplig för rörtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1448 : Lämplig för pooltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3152 : Lämplig för elektrisk utrustning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2831 : Lämplig för exklusiva material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1948 : Lämplig för skrivartyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1559 : Lämplig för hudtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1975 : Lämplig för snöskovandring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1538 : Lämplig för förvaringstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1673 : Lämplig för tandborste
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2586 : Lämplig för fordonstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2133 : Lämplig för vattenfunktionstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1707 : Lämplig för vattentyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2038 : Lämplig för vapentyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3119 : Lämplig installation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1539 : Lämplig plats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1214 : Lämpligt utrymme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2225 : Handtagstyp för resväska
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2111 : Svavelhalt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1446 : Solljus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2830 : Stöd/hållare - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2824 : Yttextur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3178 : Detaljer för surfbräda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2029 : Utförande av övervakningskamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2030 : Monteringstyp för övervakningskamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3299 : Övervakningstillbehör som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1200 : Stil på hängslen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1356 : Hållbarhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2939 : Svabb - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2999 : Detaljer för badkläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1228 : Svingstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1210 : Svingviktning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2168 : Omkopplartyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1889 : Växlingsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2469 : Syntesmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2199 : Mätsystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1575 : Systemutbud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2235 : Flikstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2819 : Servis - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2245 : Utförande på knappnålshuvud
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2220 : Taggfästning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3345 : Absorptionsnivå tampong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3134 : Detaljer för tampong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1633 : Typ av bränna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2203 : Tejpmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2537 : Målgrupp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/837  : Avsett för
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1425 : Avsedda skadedjur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1386 : Effektiv mot fläckar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1482 : Tetyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1572 : Tekniknivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1896 : Telefonkabelgränssnitt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1850 : Telefonstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3306 : Teleskopsnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3307 : Spårningssystem teleskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3094 : Detaljer för för tv
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2351 : Temperatur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1774 : Temperaturstyrning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1555 : Temperaturmätning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2668 : Malltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2446 : Spänning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1468 : Tequilasort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2609 : Terminaldrift
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1326 : Terräng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1553 : Testformat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1576 : Testmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1556 : Testprov
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2892 : Smashball-utrustning som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3020 : Detaljer för hobbymaskin för textilier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2315 : Typ av textilhantverksprojekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1558 : Textur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1568 : Strukturnivå
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/134  : Tema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2204 : Typ av termisk detektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2205 : Typ av termoelement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2219 : Tjocklekstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2126 : Trådriktning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2127 : Gängad stång, storlek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3010 : Tilläggsfunktioner för biljett
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2276 : Biljetttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2101 : Kakeldesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3394 : Typ av brickspel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3324 : Monteringsmetod för pannor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2102 : Kakelutseende
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2918 : Pannor - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2103 : Kakeltextur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2534 : Tidsperiod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2403 : Tidsignaturer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2202 : Tidsviktning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3042 : Detaljer för ur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2040 : Timerutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1439 : Timertyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2603 : Spetsdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1635 : Spetsmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2460 : Spetsöppning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1606 : Spetsstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1297 : Spetstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1281 : Typ av däckvulst
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1501 : Typ av tobak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1607 : Design på tåspridare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1322 : Typ av tårem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/847  : Tåstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2149 : Toalettlocksdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3116 : Detaljer för toalettlock
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2159 : Toalettform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2961 : Typ av montering för toalett/bidé
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2472 : Pukutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2216 : Nyckelverktygsspets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3280 : Verktyg bärbarhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2215 : Verktygsanvändning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2817 : Verktyg/redskap - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1674 : Typ av tandkräm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1675 : Design på tandpetare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1193 : Typ av topplängd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1400 : Toppytmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2223 : Typ av bärhandtag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2549 : Totemdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1881 : Touch-funktioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1882 : Pekskärmsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3398 : Leksaksfigur tema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3405 : Typ av leksaksverktyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2896 : Leksaker/spel - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1549 : Spårningsmätvärden
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1934 : Spårningssyfte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3362 : Traktortillbehör som ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3046 : Detaljer för mässdisplay
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2369 : Samlarkortsförpackning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3047 : Detaljer för trafikstyrningsanordning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2032 : Fjärrkamerautförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2724 : Släptyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2653 : Krav på träningsdata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2766 : Trampolinkonstruktion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1586 : Typ av yta på överföringspaneler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3272 : Teknik för pappersöverföring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2699 : Transmissionstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3039 : Detaljer för papperskorg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1689 : Form på resekudde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1564 : Behandlingsmål
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1756 : Behandlingskonsistens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1644 : Behandlingstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2805 : Trädställning - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2108 : Spaljédesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2877 : Design på trehjuling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2878 : Typ av framdrivning för trehjuling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2166 : Utlösningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3061 : Typ av stativhandtag
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3060 : Typ av fäste för stativ/monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2009 : Typ av huvuden för stativ och monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2528 : Trofédesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2747 : Lastbilstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2417 : Rörkomponent
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2418 : Rörkonfiguration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3286 : Design på stämapparat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1812 : Typ av stämmare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2588 : Stämgaffelutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2589 : Stämgaffelfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2399 : Stämningslägen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2465 : Tonhöjd för stämning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2400 : Stämningsintervall
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1792 : USB-standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1696 : UV-skydd
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3249 : Stil på undertröja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1194 : Stil på underkläder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1348 : Måttenheter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2661 : Uppdateringsfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2797 : Klädsel - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1681 : Användningsvillkor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1672 : Användningsfrekvens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/843  : Användningstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2648 : Användartyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2656 : Uppgiftstyp för verktyg/underhåll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1880 : Stöd för VDI-protokoll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1512 : VG/PG-förhållande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1382 : Vakuumluftfiltreringsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1280 : Ventiltyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2748 : Typ av skåpbil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1511 : Vapingstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2067 : Applicering av lack/finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1355 : Vasform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3214 : Detaljer för fordonslarm/-lås
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2706 : Användningsområde för fordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3199 : Detaljer för ljudsystem för fordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3201 : Detaljer för fordonsbromsar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3211 : Detaljer för fordonsrengöring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3212 : Detaljer för fordonsdekoration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3210 : Detaljer för fordonsdrift/hantering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3204 : Detaljer för fordonsmotor/-del
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3407 : Typ av avgassystem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3215 : Detaljer för fordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3213 : Detaljer för fordonsvätska
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3410 : Typ av fordonsvätskor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3206 : Detaljer för ramar och kaross
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3408 : Design på fordonsspegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3207 : Detaljer för fordonsspegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3409 : Typ av fordonsspegel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3202 : Detaljer för fordonsolja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2713 : Typ av fordonslack
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1271 : Fordonsplacering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3208 : Detaljer för fordonssäte
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3209 : Detaljer för hjulupphängning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2701 : Typ av fordonsdäck
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2705 : Typ av fordon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2607 : Verifieringsteknik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1963 : Kompatibla videokodekar/-format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3168 : Detaljer för videospelsinnehåll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2677 : Videospelsgenre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3380 : Videospelplattform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2678 : Videospelsundergenre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1916 : Typ av videoport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1965 : Regionskod för video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1805 : Kompatibel videoupplösning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2640 : Höjd på visningsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2641 : Bredd på visningsområde
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1483 : Sort av vinägerdryck
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1489 : Vinägersort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2711 : Viskositet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2303 : Visuell effekt
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1942 : Stöd för Voip-protokoll
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3185 : Typ av vadare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/37   : Midja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1449 : Väggmaterial
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2077 : Applicering av väggförbättring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2174 : Väggplatta stil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3005 : Detaljer för plånbok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1357 : Tapetappliceringsmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2665 : Bakgrundstema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2631 : Varningskategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2128 : Brickform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3141 : Detaljer för tvättmaskin/torktumlare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1389 : Tvättmetod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1377 : Tvättprogram
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1202 : Stil på klocktillbehör
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1201 : Klockskärm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3008 : Detaljer för klocka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2951 : Klocka/band - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1407 : Vattenfilterapplikation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1249 : Vattensport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2737 : Motorreglagetyp för vattenfarkost
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3216 : Detaljer för vattenskoter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2739 : Monteringstyp för vattenfarkostmotor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2863 : Typ av framdrivning för vattenskoter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2743 : Rattyp för vattenfarkost
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2755 : Typ av vattenfartyg
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2893 : Appliceringsmetod för vax
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2279 : Vaxtyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2105 : Fönsterlistutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3325 : Metod för väderprognosapp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2104 : Väderanpassning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2033 : Webbkamerautförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1233 : Viktstångsaktivitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1234 : Typ av viktstång
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2392 : Vikttyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1552 : Kompatibel viktenhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3059 : Detaljer för svetshjälm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1314 : Hjulhårdhet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1315 : Hjulnavsplacering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2704 : Typ av hjuldel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1283 : Hjultyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1587 : Rullstolstyp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1469 : Whiskystil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1470 : Whiskysort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1940 : Wi-Fi-band
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1847 : Wi-Fi-standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3024 : Detaljer för winder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2730 : Ankarspelsutförande
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2807 : Fönsterbehandling - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2869 : Stil på vindsurfingbräda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1526 : Design vinställ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1475 : Vinsötma
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1476 : Vinsort
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3032 : Detaljer för våtservettshållare/-värmare
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1722 : Servettdoft
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1753 : Servettförpackning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2341 : Trådtjocklek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2903 : Tråd/rep - material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2451 : Skötselartiklar för träblås ingår
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3389 : Tankkapacitet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2309 : Kransdesign
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2757 : Typ av yacht
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2312 : Garnviktskategori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2296 : Dragkedja med blixtlås
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2268 : Zoomtype
