# Shopify Product Taxonomy - Attributes: 2025-03-rc1
# Format: {GID} : {Attribute name}

gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2649 : Aplikasi AI
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2703 : Jenis ban ATV/off-road
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2184 : Bahan abrasif
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1460 : Gaya absinthe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1461 : Varietas absinthe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/894  : Tingkat penyerapan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2972 : Fitur produk higiene absorben
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2529 : Tingkat akademis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2956 : Bahan aksesori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/50   : Ukuran aksesori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2461 : Penyetelan akordeon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1598 : Bahan aktif
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2995 : Fitur pakaian aktif
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/5    : Aktivitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1547 : Desain pelacak aktivitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1543 : Format model akupunktur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1544 : Jenis model akupunktur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3376 : Fitur perangkat lunak animasi tambahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3378 : Jenis perangkat lunak desain tambahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3373 : Fitur perangkat lunak keuangan tambahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3377 : Fitur perangkat lunak grafis tambahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3379 : Fitur perangkat lunak penerbitan tambahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3372 : Fitur perangkat lunak keamanan tambahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2319 : Jenis perekat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3354 : Bentuk produk aftershave
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/30   : Kelompok usia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2274 : Batasan usia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2708 : Bentuk penyegar udara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4050 : Fungsi penggoreng udara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3182 : Fitur matras udara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3329 : Jenis umpan kuas udara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3328 : Metode operasi kuas udara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4683 : Konfigurasi mesin pesawat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4682 : Jenis mesin pesawat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2287 : Jenis album
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1362 : Jenis peringatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1451 : Informasi alergen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1577 : Jenis tes alergen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1631 : Alergen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3138 : Fitur ramah alergi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1800 : Kelas amplifier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2690 : Konfigurasi amplifier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1808 : Lokasi yang cocok untuk amplifier/booster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1258 : Jenis jangkar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2198 : Aplikasi anemometer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1883 : Sudut yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1289 : Gaya pancing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2550 : Bentuk pakan hewan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1308 : Jenis hewan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1828 : Jenis antena
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3340 : Jenis perawatan kulit anti-penuaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2710 : Jenis antibeku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4680 : Desain mobil antik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4679 : Era kendaraan antik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1316 : Metode pemakaian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1639 : Bahan aplikator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3344 : Jenis aplikator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2314 : Bentuk applique/patch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2980 : Fitur filter akuarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1708 : Spektrum cahaya akuarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3228 : Desain kotak luapan akuarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1302 : Aktivitas panahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2888 : Peralatan panahan yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1303 : Gaya panahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4365 : Jenis target panahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2496 : Penataan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2883 : Bahan bulu anak panah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2969 : Bahan anak panah/baut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2299 : Metode pemakaian fiksatif seni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3429 : Gerakan seni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2386 : Gaya seni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2930 : Bahan alat seni/kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3430 : Keaslian karya seni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2796 : Bahan bingkai karya seni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2666 : Jenis karya seni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3387 : Teknologi pengereman berbantuan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1737 : Metode penempelan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/844  : Opsi pemasangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1267 : Jenis pemasangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1806 : Konverter D/A audio (DAC)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1822 : Codec/format audio yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1813 : Konektivitas audio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3309 : Jenis mixer audio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1801 : Saluran output audio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1802 : Format output audio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3066 : Fitur pemutar/perekam audio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1818 : Tujuan audio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1803 : Teknologi audio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3074 : Fitur konverter audio/pindai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3370 : Teknologi autentikasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2374 : Keaslian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2016 : Mode fokus otomatis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2613 : Metode sterilisasi autoklaf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2361 : Jenis tanda tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2583 : Otomatisasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2526 : Desain penghargaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2525 : Acara penghargaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1426 : Jenis konstruksi tritisan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2823 : Desain tritisan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1836 : Jenis BIOS
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1759 : Kemasan minuman bayi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1758 : Rasa makanan bayi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1761 : Format susu formula bayi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1717 : Item hadiah bayi yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1720 : Item kesehatan bayi yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3026 : Fitur monitor bayi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1762 : Rasa camilan bayi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1763 : Tekstur camilan bayi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2997 : Fitur pakaian bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3029 : Fitur keselamatan perlengkapan bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3103 : Fitur furnitur bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3318 : Item furnitur bayi/balita yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3254 : Gaya topi bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3247 : Gaya kaus kaki bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3107 : Fitur kursi bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3246 : Gaya pakaian tidur bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1531 : Jenis penyokong punggung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2047 : Desain latar belakang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2185 : Bahan bagian belakang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1527 : Jenis sandaran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2958 : Penutup tas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2222 : Jenis tali tas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3365 : Gaya tas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2725 : Jenis tas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3006 : Fitur tas/kotak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2784 : Bahan tas/kotak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3258 : Fitur penyimpanan tas/kotak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3100 : Item bakeri yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3360 : Perlengkapan baking yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1394 : Perlengkapan baking yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2813 : Bentuk peralatan baking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1486 : Tujuan baking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2812 : Bahan kertas roti
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2844 : Bahan bola
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1206 : Ukuran bola
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2505 : Perlengkapan balon yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2506 : Bentuk balon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2242 : Kekuatan gelang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2507 : Desain spanduk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2860 : Jenis pemasangan palang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1902 : Antarmuka pemindai kode batang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1903 : Kode batang yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1648 : Bahan laras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3359 : Peralatan bar yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2810 : Bahan peralatan bar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1660 : Minyak dasar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1471 : Alkohol dasar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1795 : Jenis pangkal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1970 : Jenis bola bisbol/sofbol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2798 : Bahan keranjang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2846 : Perlengkapan basket yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2462 : Konfigurasi tombol bas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2845 : Bahan bet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1209 : Standar bet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3319 : Item furnitur kamar mandi yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2141 : Desain alas bathtub
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3117 : Fitur bathtub
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2142 : Bentuk pinggiran bathtub
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2398 : Desain pegangan baton
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1926 : Jenis sel baterai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3087 : Fitur baterai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3196 : Fitur manajemen baterai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1682 : Ukuran baterai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1856 : Teknologi baterai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1571 : Jenis baterai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2318 : Bentuk manik-manik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2401 : Subdivisi ketukan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1546 : Jenis bejana sorong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3108 : Fitur ranjang/rangka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1441 : Perlengkapan alas tidur yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1259 : Ukuran alas tidur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1453 : Gaya bir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1454 : Varietas bir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2579 : Desain bel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2580 : Suara lonceng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2721 : Jenis sabuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/41   : Penggunaan terbaik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2213 : Jenis bevel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1976 : Bentuk produk minuman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1771 : Desain celemek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1275 : Jenis rem sepeda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3184 : Fitur sepeda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2233 : Bentuk map ring binder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1319 : Dudukan pengikat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2237 : Gaya penjilidan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2959 : Desain binokular/monokular
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3122 : Fitur aksesori monitor biometrik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3218 : Desain sangkar/stand burung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3219 : Bentuk makanan burung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3220 : Bahan makanan burung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3221 : Jenis camilan burung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2508 : Desain lilin ulang tahun
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3293 : Jenis lilin ulang tahun
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3099 : Varietas bitters
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1220 : Lengkungan bilah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2189 : Desain mata pisau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1388 : Bahan mata pisau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1251 : Jenis mata pisau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2614 : Jenis pencampuran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2808 : Gaya kerai/bidai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1578 : Komponen alat tes darah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1255 : Bentuk cekung papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3191 : Fitur permainan papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2759 : Mekanika permainan papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2092 : Bahan papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2264 : Jenis pemasangan papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1256 : Profil papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2267 : Permukaan papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1312 : Jenis papan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2754 : Jenis perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1563 : Area tubuh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3259 : Jenis perhiasan tubuh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2190 : Bahan bodi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3331 : Jenis fondation/lukis tubuh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1678 : Jenis rambut tubuh/wajah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1371 : Sistem boiler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2123 : Bentuk baut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2538 : Jenis sampul buku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2966 : Bahan sampul buku/file
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2230 : Desain pembatas buku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2231 : Bentuk pembatas buku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1204 : Gaya sepatu bot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1284 : Jenis sepatu bot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2015 : Desain boreskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2390 : Jenis penutup botol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1768 : Desain botol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1691 : Jenis botol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3044 : Fitur penghangat/sterilisator botol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2221 : Penutup botol/wadah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2938 : Bahan rambut penggesek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2970 : Bahan busur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3187 : Fitur busur/busur silang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2726 : Jenis kotak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1195 : Jenis pemakaian bra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1196 : Cakupan bra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2996 : Fitur bra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1191 : Jenis tali bra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3250 : Gaya bra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1192 : Tingkat sokongan bra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3260 : Desain gelang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2115 : Desain braket/penyangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1462 : Varietas brendi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1663 : Sertifikasi semprotan napas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3090 : Fitur canggih bridge/ruter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2228 : Tingkat kecerahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1408 : Bahan bulu sikat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1603 : Bentuk bulu sikat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4366 : Desain broadhead
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2885 : Bahan broadhead/field point
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3279 : Aplikasi kuas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1613 : Penggunaan kepala kuas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2792 : Bahan kuas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2346 : Ukuran kuas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1685 : Jenis kuas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1391 : Jenis serangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2912 : Bahan papan bangunan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2076 : Bentuk bahan bangunan habis pakai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3397 : Jenis mainan bangunan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1437 : Jenis tutup bohlam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1438 : Bentuk bohlam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1435 : Ukuran bohlam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2573 : Jenis bilah buldoser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2632 : Tingkat perlindungan peluru
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3068 : Fitur megafon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2566 : Bentuk bullion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1292 : Bahan tutup gagang bawah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2295 : Jenis penutupan kancing/snap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3123 : Bahan CBD
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1790 : Jenis kabinet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2908 : Bahan rumah kabel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1892 : Pelindung kabel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1276 : Jenis kabel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3415 : Kandungan kafein
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2720 : Jenis sangkar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3368 : Jenis aksesori kalkulator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3159 : Fitur kalkulator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2238 : Format kalender
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3153 : Fitur kalender/penyusun jadwal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3390 : Sistem cam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2018 : Jenis HD Kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2006 : Tambahan kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2002 : Jenis tombol/knop kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2000 : Jenis kontrol kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2017 : Teknologi tampilan kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3062 : Fitur kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1997 : Jenis perlengkapan kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1979 : Jenis lensa kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1995 : Jenis mounting kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1998 : Jenis sensor kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1330 : Bentuk kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2277 : Kit lilin yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2836 : Bahan lilin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2801 : Bentuk lilin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2278 : Jenis lilin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1494 : Varietas daging kaleng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1431 : Bahan kanopi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2334 : Finis kanvas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2928 : Bahan kanvas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2335 : Tekstur kanvas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2709 : Wewangian penyegar mobil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1742 : Pemasangan kursi mobil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1743 : Orientasi kursi mobil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2746 : Jenis mobil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1266 : Jenis kait karabiner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2872 : Bentuk karabiner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2366 : Atribut kartu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2521 : Desain kartu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2517 : Format kartu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2520 : Desain tempat kartu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3312 : Pemasangan kartu/adaptor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2336 : Petunjuk perawatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2226 : Opsi bawa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1746 : Posisi bawa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1984 : Jenis bawa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2597 : Desain kereta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2749 : Jenis kereta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1825 : Jenis kartrid
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1798 : Jenis casing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2691 : Jenis adaptor kaset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1699 : Kelompok usia kucing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1702 : Formula pasir kucing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2320 : Jenis perayaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/98   : Jenis mata rantai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2728 : Jenis rantai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3049 : Fitur kursi/sofa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2265 : Permukaan papan tulis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3035 : Fitur alas/baki ganti
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2714 : Jenis pengisi daya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2682 : Jenis kabel pengisian daya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2683 : Tingkat pengisian daya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1870 : Jenis sasis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2055 : Aplikasi kimia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2058 : Jenis wadah kimia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2611 : Grade bahan kimia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2057 : Bentuk produk kimia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2612 : Kemurnian bahan kimia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2056 : Fitur keamanan bahan kimia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2552 : Fase pakan ayam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2874 : Penempatan kursi anak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2574 : Teknologi chipper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2596 : Desain meja kiropraktik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3412 : Jenis cokelat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2192 : Jenis chuck
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1502 : Bodi cerutu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3070 : Fitur papan sirkuit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2164 : Desain pemutus sirkuit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2163 : Bentuk panel pemutus sirkuit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2165 : Jenis pemutus sirkuit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2482 : Sistem kunci klarinet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/108  : Jenis jepitan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1655 : Desain cakar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2954 : Tekstur tanah liat/slip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2735 : Tujuan pembersih
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1779 : Petunjuk pembersihan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1387 : Tujuan pembersihan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1378 : Permukaan pembersihan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2733 : Jenis cleat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1268 : Aktivitas pendakian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2248 : Jenis klip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3388 : Jenis kliper/trimer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1442 : Gaya penutupan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/80   : Jenis penutupan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2779 : Bahan aksesori pakaian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3001 : Fitur pakaian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1298 : Subset tongkat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1299 : Jenis tongkat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2070 : Aplikasi coating/sealant
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4685 : Jenis kokpit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2509 : Desain dekorasi koktail
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1490 : Varietas krimer kopi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1398 : Jenis input kopi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1977 : Bentuk produk kopi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1477 : Sangrai kopi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1413 : Item set kopi/teh yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1509 : Koneksi koil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2931 : Bahan koin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2861 : Jenis kunci collar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2011 : Perangkat yang kompatibel dengan collar/mount
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2012 : Desain collar/mount
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1    : Warna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1962 : Standar akurasi warna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1989 : Saturasi warna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3413 : Edisi komik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3414 : Tradisi komik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3072 : Fitur perangkat komunikasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2555 : Protokol komunikasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2871 : Gaya kompas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1888 : HDCP yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2679 : Jenis pesawat yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2412 : Amplifier yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1705 : Akuarium yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1764 : Desain botol bayi yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1749 : Jenis gendongan bayi yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1752 : Jenis kursi bayi yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1751 : Jenis transportasi bayi yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1212 : Jenis bola yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1924 : Teknologi baterai yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1231 : Posisi bangku yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1270 : Tipe sepeda yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2396 : Alat musik tiup logam yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2452 : Jenis klarinet yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1600 : Alat kosmetik yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1930 : Perangkat yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2426 : Konfigurasi drum yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2416 : Alat musik listrik/akustik yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1905 : Jenis kartu elektronik yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1232 : Latihan yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1944 : Filamen yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2042 : Jenis film yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2456 : Jenis flute yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1967 : Format game yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1420 : Alat berkebun yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1430 : Desain buaian yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2457 : Jenis harmonika yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2409 : Alat musik yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2421 : Konfigurasi kibor yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1605 : Riasan yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2019 : Kartu memori yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1794 : Ulir mikrofon yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1898 : Faktor bentuk motherboard yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2458 : Jenis oboe yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2443 : Alat musik gesek orkestra yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2590 : Profil pasien yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2423 : Alat musik perkusi yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2774 : Jenis kendaraan mainan yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2692 : Pemutar yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2338 : Pencetak yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1837 : Seri prosesor yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2642 : Bahasa pemrograman yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1402 : Resep yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1968 : Resolusi yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1748 : Jenis kursi yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2667 : Platform perangkat lunak yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2524 : Perangkat efek khusus yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3148 : Jenis kompor yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2433 : Alat musik dawai yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1750 : Tipe kereta dorong yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1369 : Jenis vakum yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1714 : Kendaraan yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1588 : Alat bantu jalan yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1235 : Aksesori angkat beban yang kompatibel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2643 : Sertifikasi kepatuhan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1831 : Jenis output komponen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1829 : Jenis kemasan komponen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1966 : Format kompresi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1595 : Tingkat kompresi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1897 : Aksesori komputer yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1871 : Bentuk komputer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3078 : Fitur server komputer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3077 : Fitur khusus komputer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2463 : Konfigurasi tombol konsertina
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2360 : Kondisi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1652 : Efek kondisioner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1557 : Jenis kondom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2144 : Ulir penghubung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2028 : Metode koneksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1811 : Jenis koneksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1272 : Teknologi konektivitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2129 : Desain konektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1830 : Gender konektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1969 : Sistem konsol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1629 : Bahan penyusun
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2770 : Tema set konstruksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1990 : Kontras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1955 : Rasio kontras (tipikal)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2413 : Fungsi kontrol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2558 : Metode kontrol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1359 : Teknologi kontrol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1331 : Jenis kontrol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2556 : Desain pengontrol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2559 : Jenis penggerak pengontrol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1986 : Fungsionalitas konverter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2584 : Operasi konveyor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4049 : Kompartemen masak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1493 : Metode memasak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1487 : Varietas arak masak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3361 : Peralatan masak yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3147 : Fitur peralatan masak/panggang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2811 : Bahan peralatan masak/panggang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1872 : Teknologi pendinginan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2118 : Sistem pengikatan tali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3155 : Fitur korektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2494 : Desain korsase/boutonnière
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1857 : Kondisi kosmetik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1614 : Finis kosmetik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1630 : Fungsi kosmetik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2564 : Tema kostum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2577 : Bentuk konter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2364 : Negara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1784 : Desain penutup sarung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3012 : Fitur sampul
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1341 : Bahan sampul
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2707 : Jenis penutup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2659 : Wilayah cakupan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3277 : Jenis pemotong/pengembos kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3278 : Jenis pembuat dekorasi kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2345 : Desain pisau kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3273 : Desain pembersih pipa kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2321 : Jenis proyek kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2329 : Jenis proyek kerajinan/pahatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3015 : Fitur bingkai/peregang kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3013 : Fitur alas/bantalan kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2873 : Jenis pemasangan tapak paku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2293 : Jenis proyek seni kreatif
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3104 : Fitur tempat tidur bayi/balita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2849 : Peralatan kriket yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1589 : Jenis kruk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2375 : Sistem kristal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1239 : Gaya stik biliar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1240 : Jenis stik biliar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1241 : Pembungkus stik biliar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1495 : Masakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1447 : Nama botani kuliner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/17   : Ukuran cup bra
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1650 : Jenis pengeriting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1791 : Mata uang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2610 : Jenis mata uang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2654 : Saluran dukungan pelanggan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3367 : Opsi pemotong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1422 : Metode pemotongan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1278 : Gaya bersepeda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3069 : Fitur peralatan DJ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3310 : Kompatibilitas perangkat lunak DJ
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3418 : Gaya tarian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1858 : Jaringan data
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2782 : Bahan dekorasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2348 : Desain stempel dekoratif
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2365 : Denominasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3349 : Bentuk benang gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1664 : Tingkat ketebalan benang gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3350 : Jenis benang gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3351 : Rekomendasi penggunaan pelindung mulut dental
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1665 : Sertifikasi pelindung mulut dental
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2563 : Rasa pasta gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2561 : Item kedokteran gigi yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1667 : Warna dasar gigi palsu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3352 : Cakupan gigi palsu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3353 : Desain gigi palsu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1668 : Warna gigi palsu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2650 : Jenis penerapan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3154 : Fitur penata meja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1570 : Bahan terperinci
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1579 : Obat yang dapat dideteksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3357 : Mode operasi detektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2582 : Sensitivitas detektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1368 : Jenis detektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3027 : Fitur perkembangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/845  : Antarmuka perangkat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2197 : Teknologi perangkat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3392 : Keterampilan ketangkasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3364 : Fitur tambahan tas popok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1754 : Komponen kit popok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3037 : Fitur penata popok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1757 : Ukuran popok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1573 : Jenis popok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2761 : Bentuk dadu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1834 : Jenis dielektrik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1452 : Preferensi diet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3098 : Suplemen makanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1567 : Penggunaan makanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2768 : Tingkat kesulitan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2048 : Desain penyebar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1809 : Pemrosesan suara digital
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1414 : Peralatan makan yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1379 : Metode pemisahan kotoran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2575 : Jenis pembuangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2662 : Jenis format disk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1384 : Jenis dispenser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3166 : Fitur papan tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1730 : Mode warna tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3176 : Fitur tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2046 : Mode tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2548 : Rekomendasi penggunaan tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1334 : Resolusi tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2622 : Desain papan tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1248 : Teknologi tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3054 : Fitur sarung tangan sekali pakai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2994 : Fitur kantong sekali pakai/dapat digunakan kembali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2950 : Bahan item sekali pakai/dapat digunakan kembali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3386 : Item komputer selam yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2866 : Gaya regulator selam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2864 : Peralatan diving/snorkeling yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1703 : Kelompok usia anjing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3225 : Jenis popok anjing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3226 : Jenis mainan anjing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3399 : Jenis boneka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3192 : Fitur boneka/set mainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2080 : Desain penutup pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2085 : Finis kusen pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2089 : Finis kaca pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3322 : Insulasi pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2086 : Fungsi knop pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1520 : Bahan pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2087 : Penempatan penahan pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1724 : Desain penahan pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2090 : Lokasi pintu yang cocok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2091 : Finis permukaan pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1521 : Jenis pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2960 : Penggunaan pintu/kusen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1747 : Konfigurasi kereta dorong ganda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2146 : Lokasi saluran pembuangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2280 : Item kit menggambar/melukis yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3014 : Fitur bentuk dress
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3244 : Acara dress
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3245 : Gaya dress
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3120 : Fitur bor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2604 : Metode pengeboran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2605 : Orientasi rig pengeboran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2820 : Bahan peralatan minum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1415 : Peralatan minum yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3411 : Bentuk peralatan minum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2217 : Ukuran penggerak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2576 : Jenis penggerak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4684 : Fitur drone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2470 : Konfigurasi drum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3287 : Penyesuaian perangkat keras drum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2934 : Bahan perangkat keras drum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1492 : Varietas kacang kering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1380 : Pembersihan kering/basah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2134 : Teknologi pengering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1601 : Kecepatan pengeringan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3326 : Desain saluran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2135 : Bentuk saluran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1950 : Teknologi dupleks
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3111 : Fitur daya tahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1381 : Jenis wadah debu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2638 : Jenis masker debu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1223 : Tingkat dinamis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1878 : Format buku elektronik yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1510 : Gaya rokok elektronik/vaporizer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1506 : Rasa cairan elektronik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1507 : Varietas cairan elektronik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2904 : Teknologi tampilan pembaca elektronik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2672 : Peringkat ESRB
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3197 : Fitur baterai EV
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2688 : Jenis baterai EV
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2686 : Jenis konektor/adaptor EV
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2687 : Komponen kit konversi EV
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3132 : Metode pemakaian perawatan telinga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3064 : Fitur earphone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1636 : Penggunaan penyumbat telinga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3261 : Desain anting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2078 : Gaya tepi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2818 : Jenis tepi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2657 : Tingkat pendidikan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1353 : Item dekorasi telur yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3296 : Pemutaran telur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4995 : Jenis motor skuter listrik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3292 : Komponen drum elektronik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2927 : Bahan hiasan/trim
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2288 : Hiasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2327 : Jenis proyek pengembosan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2454 : Bentuk lubang embosur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1363 : Item darurat yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2623 : Desain tanda darurat/keselamatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1945 : Jenis penutup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1370 : Kelas efisiensi energi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1956 : Kelas efisiensi energi (HDR)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1957 : Kelas efisiensi energi (SDR)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2175 : Desain mesin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2176 : Tujuan mesin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2694 : Jenis mesin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2527 : Ukiran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3156 : Fitur amplop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2514 : Desain segel amplop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2371 : Era
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1936 : Jenis antarmuka LAN Eternet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1372 : Teknologi evaporasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2275 : Jenis acara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2859 : Peralatan olahraga yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2858 : Bahan peralatan olahraga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2979 : Fitur mesin olahraga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1838 : Slot ekspansi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2026 : Kontrol eksposur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2492 : Perluasan rentang saksofon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3051 : Fitur defibrilator eksternal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1365 : Peringkat alat pemadam api ringan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1366 : Jenis agen pemadam api
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1404 : Jenis ekstraksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1609 : Gaya ujung ekstraktor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1656 : Bentuk bantal mata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1618 : Efek perona mata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1602 : Desain aplikator bulu mata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2833 : Bahan bulu mata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3333 : Jenis bulu mata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2946 : Bahan lensa okuler/adaptor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3257 : Desain bingkai kacamata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2842 : Bahan bingkai kacamata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2841 : Bahan lensa kacamata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2777 : Kain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3276 : Struktur kain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3342 : Area wajah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3335 : Jenis bedak wajah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3406 : Desain pelat muka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2625 : Desain tanda fasilitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3337 : Cara pemakaian kuku palsu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2122 : Finis pengencang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2926 : Bahan pengencang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1219 : Jenis pengencang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1479 : Kandungan lemak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2145 : Ulir keran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2989 : Fitur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2261 : Sistem umpan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1851 : Jenis kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3133 : Fitur perlengkapan sanitasi kewanitaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2107 : Komponen pagar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2310 : Jenis proyek seni serat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3301 : Kerataan bidang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2663 : Jenis format file
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2832 : Bentuk kikir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1342 : Bahan pengisi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1343 : Sokongan pengisi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2715 : Jenis pengisi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1361 : Metode pemasangan kaca film
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1991 : Format film
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2027 : Jenis film
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2816 : Bahan filter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1706 : Jenis filter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1953 : Mode penyaringan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2633 : Kelas filtrasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2865 : Bahan sirip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1250 : Jenis kantong sirip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1254 : Profil sirip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1906 : Metode pengambilan sidik jari
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1346 : Bentuk sungkul
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2062 : Finis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3358 : Item alat pemadam api ringan yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1514 : Kekerasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1712 : Komponen kit pertolongan pertama
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1562 : Penggunaan kit pertolongan pertama
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3265 : Gaya langkah pertama/merangkak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1709 : Jenis ikan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1293 : Aksi joran pancing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1294 : Kekuatan joran pancing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2880 : Bahan kawat pancing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/35   : Fit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2696 : Jenis fit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1352 : Jenis fiksasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1347 : Bentuk bendera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2719 : Tipe suar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3400 : Tema kartu flash
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1993 : Mode lampu kilat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1994 : Jenis lampu kilat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2915 : Bahan flashing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3266 : Gaya sepatu datar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2821 : Bahan peralatan makan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1416 : Peralatan makan yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1458 : Rasa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2387 : Profil rasa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1320 : Peringkat fleksibilitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3274 : Desain kawat bunga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1484 : Jenis tepung/bulir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1765 : Jenis laju aliran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3356 : Jenis cerobong asap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2522 : Jenis cairan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2157 : Sistem siram
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2484 : Konfigurasi flute
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2307 : Bentuk busa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1981 : Penyesuaian fokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1996 : Jenis perangkat fokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1982 : Jenis fokus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2262 : Jenis lipatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1744 : Mekanisme pelipatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2669 : Gaya huruf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2814 : Bahan kantong makanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1410 : Jenis dispenser makanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1978 : Bentuk produk makanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2815 : Bahan penyimpanan makanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2670 : Jenis rekaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2427 : Jenis pijakan kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2783 : Bahan alas kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1392 : Format yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1760 : Level susu formula
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2376 : Jenis fosil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2895 : Bahan fondasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1637 : Keharuman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1755 : Tingkat keharuman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2266 : Desain rangka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3137 : Gaya rangka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3300 : Jenis frekuensi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2201 : Pembobotan frekuensi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1804 : Pita frekuensi/radio yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1478 : Sumber buah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2109 : Aditif bahan bakar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3114 : Fitur wadah bahan bakar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2110 : Grade bahan bakar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2113 : Kemurnian bahan bakar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1927 : Sumber bahan bakar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2177 : Pasokan bahan bakar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3102 : Fitur furnitur/perabot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2786 : Bahan furnitur/perabot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2660 : Perangkat yang kompatibel dengan GPS
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3088 : Fitur perangkat GPS
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3374 : Jenis peta GPS
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3375 : Fokus perangkat lunak GPS
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2510 : Komponen permainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2511 : Tingkat kesulitan permainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3190 : Fitur permainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2512 : Nama permainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2760 : Keterampilan permainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1245 : Permainan yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1417 : Penggunaan berkebun
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1375 : Desain setrika uap garmen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2962 : Gas yang dideteksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1727 : Jenis pemasangan gerbang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2697 : Jenis pengukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2843 : Bahan roda gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1290 : Rasio roda gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1282 : Jenis roda gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1488 : Kekuatan gel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2535 : Genre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2377 : Era geologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2502 : Desain pegangan tas hadiah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1718 : Format set hadiah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1463 : Varietas gin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2302 : Finis glasir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2106 : Jenis glasir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3019 : Fitur lem tembak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3281 : Teknologi lem tembak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1625 : Kekuatan lem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1972 : Jenis bola golf
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2882 : Peralatan golf yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2367 : Penilaian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1992 : Grain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2391 : Varietas anggur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1873 : Jenis kartu grafis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3313 : Aksesori tablet grafis yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3081 : Fitur khusus tablet grafis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2897 : Bahan kerikil/substrat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1405 : Bahan penyaring minyak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3416 : Ukuran gilingan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2428 : Tekstur pegangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1216 : Jenis grip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2186 : Jenis pasiran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1721 : Format kit perawatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3288 : Jenis fitting/komponen gitar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2479 : Ukuran gitar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2098 : Jenis fitting talang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3112 : Gaya talang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1959 : Format HDR
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2137 : Jenis kontrol HVAC
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2898 : Bahan habitat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1645 : Finis perawatan rambut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3346 : Item perawatan rambut yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1647 : Teknologi perawatan rambut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3332 : Warna rambut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1643 : Jenis rambut rontok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3347 : Jenis gunting rambut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3348 : Item penataan rambut yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3135 : Fitur alat penata rambut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1199 : Jenis rambut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2920 : Bahan kepala palu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1208 : Sisi tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3183 : Jenis penghangat tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2581 : Jenis kunci borgol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2194 : Desain pegangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1669 : Tekstur grip pegangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1295 : Bahan pegangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1597 : Jenis pegangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1849 : Jenis gagang telepon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3003 : Fitur sarung tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2780 : Bahan sarung tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3255 : Jenis sarung tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1530 : Desain kursi gantung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1459 : Varietas sider keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3086 : Fitur cakram keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3314 : Faktor bentuk cakram keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3315 : Instalasi cakram keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2634 : Kelas topi keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2255 : Kekerasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2081 : Finis perangkat keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2790 : Bahan perangkat keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2132 : Jenis pemasangan perangkat keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2094 : Grade kayu keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1269 : Jenis penutup rungkup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2481 : Ukuran harpa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2093 : Lokasi palka yang sesuai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2636 : Desain pakaian hazmat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2485 : Potongan headjoint
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1807 : Jenis colokan headphone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1814 : Gaya headphone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3004 : Fitur penutup kepala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3124 : Fitur alat bantu dengar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2828 : Bahan alat bantu dengar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1654 : Fungsi panas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1485 : Tingkat kepedasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1649 : Pengaturan panas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2825 : Sumber panas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1499 : Petunjuk pemanasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1772 : Metode pemanasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1773 : Kecepatan pemanasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/128  : Jenis ketinggian tumit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3267 : Jenis tumit sepatu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2404 : Penyesuaian ketinggian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2639 : Desain tingkat warna helm
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2717 : Kelas tow bar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1274 : Jenis tow bar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2852 : Peralatan hoki yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1646 : Tingkat ketahanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2130 : Desain kait
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2352 : Desain pegangan kait
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2353 : Ukuran kait
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2731 : Jenis kait
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1288 : Bentuk simpai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1286 : Kategori Kuda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2879 : Aksesori perawatan kuda yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2919 : Bahan selang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1919 : Antarmuka host
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3317 : Opsi penyimpanan hub/switch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3289 : Desain pelembap udara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1450 : Kontrol kelembapan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3297 : Kontrol kelembapan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3391 : Desain rumah berburu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2870 : Desain pisau berburu/survival
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1565 : Jenis kemasan es
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2664 : Jenis ikon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2169 : Sistem pengapian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2620 : Teknik iluminasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2020 : Format gambar yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1999 : Ukuran sensor gambar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2718 : Jenis immobilizer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2282 : Wewangian dupa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3270 : Item kit dupa yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2283 : Jenis dupa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2651 : Fokus industri
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1715 : Kelompok usia bayi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3385 : Metode penggembungan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1569 : Kategori bahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2449 : Asal bahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1385 : Bahan-bahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2347 : Teknik aplikasi tinta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2301 : Bentuk tinta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2305 : Jenis tinta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1310 : Gaya sepatu roda inline
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2419 : Porta input/output
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1899 : Arsitektur set instruksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2933 : Bahan aksesori alat musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1908 : Jenis pengontrol alat musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2940 : Bahan alat musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2936 : Bahan komponen alat musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2937 : Bahan senar alat musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3285 : Jenis sokongan alat musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2776 : Finis alat musik/aksesori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2913 : Bahan insulasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2063 : Tujuan pemakaian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2466 : Jenis antarmuka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1874 : Faktor bentuk cakram internal yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3000 : Fitur pakaian intim
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2689 : Jenis inverter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2518 : Desain personalisasi undangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3142 : Fitur setrika
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2680 : Kondisi barang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2948 : Bahan barang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2493 : Gaya barang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1237 : Jenis J-cup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3275 : Jenis finding perhiasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2781 : Bahan perhiasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2313 : Jenis proyek perhiasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2285 : Jenis set perhiasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/60   : Jenis perhiasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3172 : Sambungan joint
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3173 : Jenis permukaan joint
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1242 : Gaya joint
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3382 : Desain lompat tali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2765 : Bahan permukaan lompatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1824 : Mode karaoke
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2112 : Aplikasi minyak tanah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2138 : Tujuan kunci
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2473 : Aksi kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1909 : Format kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3291 : Jenis tuts kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1911 : Tata letak kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1914 : Jenis porta kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3082 : Fitur khusus kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1912 : Jenis sakelar kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1879 : Jenis kibor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1335 : Gaya papan tombol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2383 : Jenis konstruksi kit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1411 : Peralatan dapur yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3320 : Furnitur dapur/ruang makan yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1253 : Gaya selancar layang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1263 : Jenis pisau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2953 : Jenis proyek rajutan/bantalan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2414 : Fungsi knop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2415 : Gaya knop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2116 : Desain knop/pegangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1885 : Output LNB
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1886 : Teknologi LNB
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3011 : Jenis proyek pelabelan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2615 : Desain pembeku laboratorium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2851 : Peralatan lacrosse termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2732 : Jenis tangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3369 : Mode laminasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2041 : Jenis lampu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1733 : Bahasa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2536 : Versi bahasa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2270 : Sumber cahaya laser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2196 : Penggunaan mesin bubut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3145 : Fitur detergen cucian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2254 : Kadar timbel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3233 : Desain tali kekang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2330 : Tekstur Kulit/Vinil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2271 : Jenis pemasangan mimbar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1852 : Jenis kunci kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1853 : Bagian kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1985 : Perangkat yang kompatibel dengan tutup lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1693 : Pelapis lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2249 : Konfigurasi lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1987 : Efek filter lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1988 : Jenis filter lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/77   : Polarisasi lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3303 : Jenis penyimpanan lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1694 : Jenis lensa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2957 : Bahan Lensa/Slide
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2646 : Jenis lisensi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1786 : Jenis tutup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3175 : Fitur jaket pelampung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2229 : Jenis pemasangan lampu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1360 : Kontrol cahaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2008 : Desain lampu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2021 : Mode paparan cahaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2050 : Penyaringan cahaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1740 : Opsi cahaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1333 : Sumber cahaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1574 : Spektrum cahaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1244 : Temperatur cahaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2742 : Jenis lampu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2982 : Fitur pencahayaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3056 : Opsi pencahayaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2247 : Opsi spasi baris
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2729 : Jenis Kawat/Tali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1621 : Efek lip gloss
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3336 : Desain pensil bibir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1622 : Efek lipstik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1464 : Varietas minuman keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2551 : Bahan makanan ternak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2117 : Kapasitas beban
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2723 : Jenis rampa pemuatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1374 : Jenis pemuatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2738 : Penempatan kunci
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1236 : Jenis kunci
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1726 : Mekanisme penguncian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2388 : Lovibond
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1676 : Pemakaian pelumas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1677 : Komposisi pelumas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2060 : Jenis dispenser pelumas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2397 : Bentuk pelumas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2914 : Jenis Kayu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2407 : Jenis pemasangan lipat Lyre/Penjepit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2430 : Konektivitas MIDI
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1797 : Aksesori pemutar MP3 termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2547 : Peringkat MPAA
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1350 : Jenis magnet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2616 : Pembesaran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3130 : Fitur riasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3334 : Warna riasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2935 : Bahan pemukul
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4993 : Bentuk belakang mandolin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2681 : Jenis pabrikan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3089 : Fitur navigator laut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2256 : Desain ujung spidol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1619 : Efek maskara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1594 : Jenis masker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2910 : Bahan kriya lepa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2061 : Bentuk produk kriya lepa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2839 : Tekstur batu pijat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1528 : Teknik pijat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2964 : Bahan dasar keset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2788 : Bentuk keset/karpet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4    : Bahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2148 : Kekencangan bahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1222 : Kekerasan bahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3002 : Fitur pakaian hamil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3252 : Gaya baju tidur ibu hamil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3109 : Fitur kasur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2617 : Pembesaran maksimum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1550 : Metode pengukuran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1554 : Jenis pengukuran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1496 : Potongan daging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1500 : Jenis daging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2539 : Akses media
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2546 : Jenis konten media
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1823 : Format media
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2542 : Bagian media
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2540 : Tema media
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3126 : Fitur alarm medis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3330 : Jenis identifikasi medis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2601 : Tujuan jarum suntik medis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2826 : Bahan plester medis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2963 : Bentuk Obat/Suplemen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2362 : Sedang (M)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2487 : Gaya melodika
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1900 : Saluran memori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1875 : Faktor bentuk memori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2031 : Jenis penyimpanan memori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1840 : Teknologi memori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1638 : Bentuk cangkir menstruasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3737 : Jenis jala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3050 : Fitur detektor logam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2131 : Penggunaan cetakan logam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2741 : Jenis alat ukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1551 : Metrik yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4364 : Jenis mikrometer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3425 : Desain mikrofon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1796 : Ulir mikrofon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1815 : Jenis mikrofon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2378 : Kelas mineral
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2618 : Pembesaran minimum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2560 : Desain pegangan cermin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1827 : Jenis mikser
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1736 : Jenis pemasangan mainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1738 : Gerakan mainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3073 : Fitur casing ponsel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1582 : Jenis skuter mobilitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3127 : Fitur peralatan mobilitas/aksesibilitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2395 : Teknologi kontrol model
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2393 : Jenis aksesori kereta model
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3022 : Tema kereta model
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1867 : Metode modulasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3341 : Jenis pelembap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2955 : Bentuk cetakan/potongan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2097 : Penggunaan cetakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2119 : Bentuk cetakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2795 : Jenis pemasangan monitor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2905 : Bentuk monitor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2007 : Jenis monitor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3085 : Fitur khusus Monitor/Layar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1841 : Keluarga chipset motherboard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1842 : Faktor bentuk motherboard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3071 : Fitur memori motherboard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1734 : Gerakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2793 : Jenis sensor gerak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2162 : Metode menghidupkan motor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2698 : Penempatan kendaraan bermotor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2695 : Jenis kendaraan bermotor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2750 : Jenis penggerak sepeda motor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2716 : Tujuan sarung tangan sepeda motor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2702 : Jenis ban sepeda motor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2751 : Jenis Sepeda Motor/Skuter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2789 : Bahan dudukan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3023 : Fitur Dudukan/Penyangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2794 : Perangkat keras pemasangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1205 : Jenis pemasangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3080 : Fitur alas mouse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1915 : Jenis port mouse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1917 : Teknologi mouse
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3083 : Fitur Mouse/Trackball
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3381 : Desain pelindung mulut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2483 : Corong tiup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1843 : Teknologi multi-GPU
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3128 : Desain stimulator otot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1793 : Genre musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2441 : Desain stan musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2488 : Kunci musik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3338 : Item seni hias kuku termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3131 : Fitur perawatan kuku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1623 : Desain kuku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3339 : Bentuk pengeringan cat kuku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1624 : Bentuk kuku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2673 : Peringkat nasional/regional
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1958 : Rasio aspek asli
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3129 : Desain Nebulizer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1591 : Teknologi nebulizer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3262 : Desain kalung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/32   : Garis leher
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2354 : Jenis lubang jarum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2602 : Ukuran jarum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1545 : Bahan jarum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2355 : Ukuran jarum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3271 : Jenis kit kerajinan jarum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2054 : Jenis penyimpanan Negatif/Slide
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2848 : Bahan net
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2855 : Jenis pemasangan net
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1895 : Antarmuka kabel jaringan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1937 : Protokol jaringan yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1938 : Standar jaringan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1198 : Gaya baju tidur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1769 : Bahan dot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1767 : Bentuk dot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1770 : Jenis dot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2884 : Bahan ekor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2516 : Intensitas kebisingan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3366 : Desain buku catatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1666 : Jenis nosel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1739 : Tema menyusui
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1782 : Cakupan penutup menyusui
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1783 : Desain alas menyusui
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2902 : Bentuk bantal menyusui
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1491 : Varietas selai kacang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2124 : Bentuk mur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1508 : Metode pengolahan kacang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3101 : Jenis Kacang/Biji
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1419 : Kandungan gizi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2489 : Sistem kunci oboe
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2490 : Gaya okarina
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1627 : Acara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1203 : Gaya acara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3158 : Fitur troli kantor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2924 : Bahan peralatan kantor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2922 : Bahan perlengkapan kantor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1440 : Jenis minyak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3422 : Keluarga olfaktori
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3248 : Gaya one-piece
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2626 : Desain tanda Buka/Tutup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1728 : Arah pembukaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1729 : Mekanisme pembukaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2587 : Mode operasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1859 : Sistem operasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1373 : Metode operasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1877 : Jenis drive optik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1695 : Desain bingkai optik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2022 : Pembesaran optik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2727 : Jenis penyimpanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1383 : Orientasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2975 : Fitur peralatan luar ruangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3321 : Item furnitur luar ruangan termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1432 : Aksesori listrik luar ruangan termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1264 : Aktivitas jalan kaki luar ruangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2998 : Fitur pakaian luar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1931 : Jenis stopkontak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2434 : Tingkat output
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1835 : Gelombang output
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1403 : Aksesori oven termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1593 : Jenis katup tangki oksigen
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3311 : Jenis PCB
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2674 : Peringkat PEGI
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4051 : Tingkat PH
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1941 : Opsi konektivitas PSTN
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1723 : Desain Dot/Teether
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1456 : Jenis kemasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2272 : Bahan pengepakan termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2608 : Profil layar bantalan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1608 : Jenis bantalan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2891 : Peralatan dayung termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3383 : Bahan Dayung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2232 : Tata letak halaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2207 : Desain kuas cat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2712 : Pelapis cat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2306 : Jenis media cat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2298 : Jenis cat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2952 : Bentuk Cat/Pewarna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2889 : Peralatan Paintball/Airsoft termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2929 : Bahan kanvas lukis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3428 : Media lukis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1810 : Metode penyandingan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2343 : Desain palet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2342 : Bentuk pisau palet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1890 : Spesifikasi panel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1891 : Terminasi panel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1178 : Jenis panjang celana
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3251 : Gaya stoking
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2290 : Pelapis kertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2291 : Format kertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2234 : Ukuran kertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2292 : Tekstur kertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2240 : Jenis kertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2263 : Desain pemberat kertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2308 : Bentuk bubur kertas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1301 : Aktivitas terjun payung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1844 : Dukungan teknologi pemrosesan paralel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3200 : Fitur kamera parkir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2627 : Desain rambu parkir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1832 : Pita lewat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1412 : Jenis bentuk pasta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1498 : Jenis pasta
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3    : Pola
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2357 : Format distribusi pola
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2422 : Polaritas pedal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2257 : Jenis pena
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2967 : Desain ujung pena/bulu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3162 : Fitur pena/pensil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3371 : Desain rautan pensil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2258 : Jenis pensil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2432 : Desain stan perkusi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2429 : Bentuk ujung pemukul
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2652 : Metrik kinerja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3419 : Alat wewangian yang disertakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1671 : Kandungan peroksida
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3217 : Jenis perahu pribadi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2504 : Desain personalisasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1719 : Opsi personalisasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1418 : Metode pengendalian hama
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2984 : Fitur pakaian/perlengkapan tidur hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2986 : Fitur aksesori kontrol hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3238 : Preferensi diet hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1700 : Kebutuhan diet hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1701 : Rasa makanan hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3222 : Bentuk makanan hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3223 : Suplemen makanan hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3230 : Desain pengering rambut hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3231 : Pengaturan kecepatan pengering rambut hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3234 : Desain kerah medis hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3235 : Jenis perlengkapan medis hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1711 : Item pemantau hewan peliharaan termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3232 : Jenis alat kuku hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3237 : Jenis semprotan/larutan hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1698 : Formulir produk perlengkapan hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3229 : Desain termometer hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3236 : Jenis alat latih hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1704 : Tekstur makanan hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3224 : Jenis makanan hewan peliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2557 : Jenis fase
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2023 : Jenis efek foto
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2043 : Bentuk bahan kimia fotografi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2044 : Ukuran kertas fotografi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2045 : Jenis kertas fotografi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3025 : Fitur tambahan piano
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2474 : Pedal piano
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2475 : Ukuran piano
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2440 : Desain pick
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3290 : Desain pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2435 : Jenis pemasangan pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2437 : Posisi pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2436 : Jenis pickup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2553 : Tahap pakan babi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1327 : Jenis tumpukan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1785 : Bentuk bantal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2356 : Ukuran peniti
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2862 : Peralatan pingpong termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3174 : Fitur robot pingpong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2140 : Desain penjepit pipa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1503 : Bentuk pipa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2519 : Desain piñata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2161 : Penempatan yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1445 : Karakteristik tanaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1338 : Kelas tanaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1339 : Nama tanaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4052 : Tahap tanaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2822 : Bahan pendukung tanaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1651 : Jenis pelat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3294 : Item peralatan bermain termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3395 : Desain seluncuran mainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3402 : Propulsi kendaraan mainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3295 : Fitur desain taman bermain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1964 : Format cakram pemutaran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1826 : Tipe penggerak pemutar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1217 : Posisi pemain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3095 : Fitur khusus Pemutar/Rekorder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2764 : Desain rumah bermain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1925 : Jenis steker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2069 : Penggunaan primer perpipaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2143 : Desain perangkap perpipaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2208 : Bentuk pendorong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2095 : Kelas kayu lapis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2585 : Pengoperasian konveyor pneumatik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1943 : Standar PoE
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2244 : Desain ujung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1913 : Perangkat penunjuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1816 : Pola kutub
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1887 : Polarisasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2965 : Bahan gagang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2628 : Desain rambu peraturan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2834 : Bentuk pengering cat kuku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1626 : Bentuk penghapus cat kuku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2736 : Jenis pelitur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2468 : Polifoni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1634 : Portabilitas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3021 : Fitur prangko
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2389 : Potensi ekstrak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1789 : Komponen kit latihan toilet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1788 : Desain dudukan pispot/toilet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1221 : Sumber listrik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1580 : Sensitivitas tes kehamilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3165 : Fitur perlengkapan presentasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2621 : Jenis pengawetan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3403 : Jenis mainan elektronik tiruan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3404 : Jenis mainan alat kebersihan rumah tiruan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2644 : Wilayah primer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2064 : Penggunaan cat dasar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1946 : Teknologi cetak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1947 : Aksesori printer termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1952 : Fungsi printer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3091 : Fitur khusus Printer/Mesin Fotokopi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1949 : Warna pencetakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2372 : Metode pencetakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1901 : Inti prosesor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1869 : Keluarga prosesor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1845 : Soket prosesor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1817 : Teknologi prosesor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1620 : Manfaat produk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1261 : Sertifikasi & standar produk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1285 : Bentuk produk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2065 : Formulasi produk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2545 : Area manual produk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1566 : Sterilitas produk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2515 : Format program
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2051 : Desain proyeksi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2907 : Sumber cahaya proyektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2114 : Penggunaan propana
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2740 : Desain bilah baling-baling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2562 : Desain prophy cup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1433 : Jenis propulsi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2635 : Jenis perlindungan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3057 : Fitur alat pelindung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3302 : Desain masker pelindung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3058 : Fitur masker pelindung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2541 : Frekuensi penerbitan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2530 : Jenis penerbitan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1238 : Palang pull-up
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1778 : Aksesori pompa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1780 : Pengaturan kecepatan pompa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2847 : Bahan samsak tinju/latihan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2772 : Tema boneka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2773 : Jenis boneka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2769 : Tema teka-teki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3396 : Jenis teka-teki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1307 : Gaya quiver
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1337 : Frekuensi RFID
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2578 : Desain rak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2722 : Jenis rak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3426 : Keseimbangan raket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1227 : Ukuran raket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3427 : Bentuk kepala raket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2854 : Bahan raket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2856 : Desain senar raket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2857 : Bahan senar raket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1954 : Pita radar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3316 : Teknologi radar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1848 : Desain tas radio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1311 : Jenis rampa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1731 : Jenis jangkauan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2368 : Kelangkaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1679 : Fleksibilitas pisau cukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1680 : Desain kepala pisau cukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1686 : Jenis pisau cukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1918 : Kecepatan baca/tulis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3401 : Jenis mainan bacaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3157 : Fitur kertas kuitansi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1658 : Fungsi berbaring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2758 : Rekomendasi kelompok usia
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1218 : Rekomendasi tingkat keterampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2082 : Rekomendasi penggunaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2491 : Sistem fingering recorder
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1821 : Aksesori perekaman termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2246 : Kualitas perekaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2752 : Jenis kendaraan rekreasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2450 : Kekuatan buluh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2039 : Kapasitas gulungan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2049 : Desain reflektor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3198 : Fitur pengereman regeneratif
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1467 : Wilayah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2676 : Kode wilayah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2544 : Jadwal rilis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2001 : Teknologi jarak jauh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1860 : Format penyimpanan dapat dilepas yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3239 : Bentuk makanan Reptil/Amfibi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3240 : Jenis perlengkapan habitat reptil/amfibi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2531 : Fokus riset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2532 : Metodologi riset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1230 : Tingkat resistensi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1229 : Sistem resistensi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1581 : Tampilan hasil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2629 : Desain tanda Ritel/Penjualan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3308 : Bidang reticle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2036 : Jenis reticle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1318 : Gaya berkendara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2775 : Jenis propulsi mainan berkuda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2700 : Desain pelek/roda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3263 : Desain cincin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/105  : Ukuran cincin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2125 : Bentuk paku keling
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2630 : Desain rambu jalan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2379 : Komposisi batuan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2380 : Formasi batuan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1257 : Tipe rocker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1296 : Bahan joran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1329 : Bentuk batang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1610 : Kepala rol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1611 : Bahan rol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1612 : Jenis rol
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1358 : Bentuk dekor atap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2447 : Bentuk rosin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2448 : Kelas rosin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2183 : Arah putaran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1884 : Teknologi kontrol rotator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3136 : Fitur Karpet/Keset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2787 : Bahan Karpet/Keset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1465 : Kualitas rum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2523 : Teknologi kontrol SFX
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1861 : Kemampuan kartu SIM
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1855 : Jenis kartu SIM
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1713 : Tingkat SPF
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2968 : Bahan sadel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1716 : Sertifikasi keselamatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1725 : Pemasangan perangkat keselamatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2949 : Bahan perlengkapan keselamatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1732 : Pemasangan rel pengaman
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2756 : Jenis perahu layar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3264 : Gaya sandal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2181 : Penggunaan sandblaster
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2182 : Jenis mesin ampelas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2187 : Penggunaan ampelas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1865 : Area jangkauan satelit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1866 : Jenis jaringan satelit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3363 : Aksesori sauna termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2195 : Jenis pemasangan perancah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2381 : Jenis aksesori model skala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3284 : Jenis kit model skala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2932 : Bahan model skala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2382 : Tema model skala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2599 : Nomor pisau bedah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3053 : Bentuk pisau bedah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2600 : Nomor gagang pisau bedah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3092 : Fitur pemindai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1904 : Jenis sensor pemindai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3256 : Gaya Syal/Selendang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2024 : Mode pemandangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2344 : Jenis pisau gunting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4994 : Jenis rem skuter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3304 : Desain teleskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3305 : Jenis lensa teleskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2037 : Desain teleskop/bidikan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3063 : Fitur teleskop/bidikan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3170 : Fitur papan skor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2289 : Jenis kertas scrapbook
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1424 : Bahan layar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2003 : Desain Layar/Tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1497 : Jenis makanan laut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2384 : Desain stempel segel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1628 : Musim
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2405 : Bantalan tempat duduk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2406 : Bentuk tempat duduk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1537 : Struktur tempat duduk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1518 : Jenis tempat duduk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1939 : Algoritma keamanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2139 : Tingkat keamanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1332 : Jenis sensor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2988 : Fitur sensor/alat Ukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2323 : Bentuk payet/glitter
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2645 : Jenis layanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2339 : Jenis sepatu mesin jahit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2340 : Kategori komponen mesin jahit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1300 : Fleksibilitas gagang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2178 : Orientasi poros
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1653 : Jenis sampo
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/73   : Bentuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1197 : Tingkat dukungan pakaian pelangsing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1684 : Formulasi krim cukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1687 : Komponen perlengkapan cukur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2066 : Tingkat Kilau/Kilap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2567 : Bahan rak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2890 : Bahan rangka/cangkang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2916 : Bahan Sirap/Genteng
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1321 : Jenis pengikat sepatu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3009 : Fitur sepatu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/846  : Kesesuaian sepatu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/87   : Ukuran sepatu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2025 : Mode pengambilan gambar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2147 : Desain dasar shower
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2791 : Jenis pemasangan tirai shower
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2152 : Desain shower
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3118 : Fitur shower
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3327 : Jenis pintu shower
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2167 : Rasio penyusutan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2099 : Penutup jendela
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2917 : Bahan pelapis dinding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2363 : Penempatan tanda tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2004 : Jenis peredam/blimp
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2154 : Jenis pemasangan wastafel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2155 : Jenis wastafel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2881 : Bahan pemberat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2778 : Ukuran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1313 : Gaya bermain skateboard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2868 : Konstruksi ski
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1317 : Gaya bermain ski
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2358 : Tingkat keterampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1617 : Efek perawatan kulit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2991 : Fitur perawatan kulit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3343 : Jenis masker perawatan kulit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1615 : Warna kulit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1616 : Warna dasar kulit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3253 : Gaya rok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1190 : Jenis panjang rok/gaun
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1515 : Bahan bilah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/15   : Jenis panjang lengan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3268 : Gaya sandal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3393 : Jenis mesin slot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3241 : Bentuk makanan hewan kecil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3242 : Bahan makanan hewan kecil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3243 : Jenis habitat/jenis kandang hewan kecil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1960 : Platform TV pintar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3007 : Fitur jam tangan pintar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3269 : Gaya sepatu kets
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2867 : Bentuk snorkel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2894 : Konstruksi papan seluncur salju
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1325 : Desain papan seluncur salju
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1323 : Gaya bermain selancar salju
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2753 : Jenis mobil salju
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2214 : Ujung obeng soket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2170 : Jenis soket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1406 : Aksesori pembuat soda termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1480 : Varietas soda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3169 : Disiplin softball
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2052 : Jenis pemasangan softbox
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2053 : Bentuk softbox
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3167 : Fitur perangkat lunak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2655 : Jenis alat perangkat lunak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2096 : Kelas kayu lunak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2172 : Jenis sel surya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2173 : Koneksi panel surya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2171 : Desain panel surya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2071 : Penggunaan Solder/Fluks
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1376 : Jenis tapak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1599 : Daya larut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1690 : Jenis larutan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2072 : Penggunaan Pelarut/Pengencer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1741 : Suara yang menenangkan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2420 : Kontrol suara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2431 : Efek suara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3323 : Isolasi suara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2402 : Opsi suara
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2411 : Konfigurasi speaker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1819 : Desain speaker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3065 : Fitur speaker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1820 : Teknologi speaker
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2693 : Jenis speakerphone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1273 : Pengaturan kecepatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2121 : Desain paku
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2224 : Jenis pemutar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1466 : Pengenceran minuman keras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1868 : Penggunaan pemisah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3079 : Fitur Pemisah/Pengalih
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1604 : Bentuk spons
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1291 : Bahan gulungan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3283 : Logo olahraga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2370 : Tema olahraga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1787 : Jenis corong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2014 : Jenis spreader
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1434 : Jenis kepala alat penyiram
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2767 : Bentuk alat penyiram
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2349 : Desain bilah penyeka karet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1928 : Konfigurasi tumpukan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1766 : Tahap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1583 : Jenis kontrol lift tangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3113 : Fitur tangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1585 : Jenis tangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2373 : Tema prangko
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2251 : Jenis prangko
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3282 : Jenis Stan/Pajangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2243 : Ukuran kawat staples
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3161 : Fitur stapler
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1401 : Peringkat bintang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2179 : Jenis penyalaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2685 : Jenis stasiun
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1393 : Jenis penjilidan alat tulis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2497 : Panjang tangkai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2734 : Jenis step
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1775 : Waktu siklus sterilisasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1777 : Petunjuk sterilisasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1776 : Metode sterilisasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2593 : Desain stetoskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2594 : Teknologi stetoskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2850 : Bahan stik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1324 : Kekakuan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2840 : Bentuk ujung stimulator
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2838 : Bahan batu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1661 : Nama batu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2322 : Bentuk batu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1662 : Jenis batu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1833 : Pita henti
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1920 : Jenis antarmuka drive penyimpanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1846 : Antarmuka drive penyimpanan yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1922 : Jenis drive penyimpanan yang terpasang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1921 : Jenis media penyimpanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2180 : Penggunaan tangki penyimpanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1876 : Jenis penyimpanan yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1364 : Aliran udara kompor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3151 : Jenis kompor atas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2442 : Desain tali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2513 : Desain Sedotan/Pengaduk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2591 : Tujuan penggunaan tandu/brankar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2477 : Ukuran alat musik dawai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1306 : Bahan tali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2990 : Fitur kereta dorong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1745 : Jenis roda kereta dorong
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1351 : Gaya
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1799 : Jenis stylus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2533 : Bidang subjek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1864 : Jenis langganan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2981 : Fitur substrat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1781 : Tingkat hisapan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1935 : Cocok untuk jenis memancing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2554 : Cocok untuk jenis hewan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2294 : Cocok untuk teknik seni
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1697 : Cocok untuk jenis burung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3384 : Cocok untuk jenis perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3355 : Cocok untuk rambut tubuh/wajah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3227 : Cocok untuk ukuran ras
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1980 : Cocok untuk jenis kamera
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2005 : Cocok untuk perangkat kamera/optik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1971 : Cocok untuk kegiatan berkemah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1344 : Cocok untuk jenis kursi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3150 : Cocok untuk jenis wadah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2300 : Cocok untuk bahan kerajinan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2083 : Cocok untuk jenis pintu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3298 : Cocok untuk jenis telur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2281 : Cocok untuk jenis kain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1367 : Cocok untuk kelas api
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1710 : Cocok untuk jenis ikan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1397 : Cocok untuk jenis pengolah makanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1354 : Cocok untuk jenis furnitur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1641 : Cocok untuk jenis rambut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2059 : Cocok untuk jenis bahan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1390 : Cocok untuk jenis hama
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2191 : Cocok untuk jenis pipa
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1448 : Cocok untuk tipe kolam renang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3152 : Cocok untuk jenis peralatan listrik
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2831 : Cocok untuk barang berharga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1948 : Cocok untuk jenis printer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1559 : Cocok untuk jenis kulit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1975 : Cocok untuk aktivitas sepatu salju
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1538 : Cocok untuk jenis penyimpanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1673 : Cocok untuk sikat gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2586 : Cocok untuk jenis kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2133 : Cocok untuk jenis fitur air
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1707 : Cocok untuk jenis air
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2038 : Cocok untuk jenis senjata
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3119 : Pemasangan yang cocok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1539 : Lokasi yang cocok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1214 : Ruang yang cocok
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2225 : Jenis pegangan koper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2111 : Kandungan sulfur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1446 : Sinar matahari
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2830 : Bahan pendukung/penyangga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2824 : Tekstur permukaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3178 : Fitur papan selancar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2029 : Desain kamera pengintai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2030 : Jenis pemasangan kamera pengintai
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3299 : Aksesori survei termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1200 : Gaya bretel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1356 : Keberlanjutan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2939 : Bahan penyeka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2999 : Fitur pakaian renang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1228 : Gaya ayunan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1210 : Pembobotan ayunan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2168 : Jenis kontrol sakelar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1889 : Metode peralihan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2469 : Metode sintesis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2199 : Sistem Pengukuran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1575 : Jangkauan sistem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2235 : Gaya tab
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2819 : Bahan peralatan makan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2245 : Desain kepala paku payung/paku tekan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2220 : Pengikat label
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3345 : Tingkat penyerapan tampon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3134 : Fitur tampon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1633 : Jenis penggelap kulit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2203 : Bahan pita
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2537 : Target audiens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/837  : Jenis kelamin sasaran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1425 : Hama sasaran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1386 : Noda sasaran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1482 : Jenis ramuan teh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1572 : Tingkat teknologi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1896 : Antarmuka kabel telepon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1850 : Gaya telepon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3306 : Tingkat teleskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3307 : Sistem pelacakan teleskop
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3094 : Fitur khusus televisi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2351 : Suhu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1774 : Kontrol suhu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1555 : Pengukuran suhu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2668 : Jenis templat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2446 : Ketegangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1468 : Varietas tequila
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2609 : Operasi terminal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1326 : Medan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1553 : Format tes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1576 : Metode tes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1556 : Sampel tes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2892 : Peralatan bola tambat termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3020 : Fitur mesin kerajinan tekstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2315 : Jenis proyek kerajinan tekstil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1558 : Tekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1568 : Tingkat tekstur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/134  : Tema
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2204 : Jenis detektor termal
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2205 : Jenis termokopel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2219 : Jenis ketebalan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2126 : Arah ulir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2127 : Ukuran batang berulir
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3010 : Fitur tambahan tiket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2276 : Jenis tiket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2101 : Desain ubin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3394 : Jenis permainan ubin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3324 : Metode pemasangan ubin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2102 : Tampilan ubin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2918 : Bahan ubin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2103 : Tekstur ubin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2534 : Periode waktu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2403 : Tanda waktu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2202 : Bobot waktu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3042 : Fitur jam tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2040 : Desain pengatur waktu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1439 : Jenis pengatur waktu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2603 : Desain ujung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1635 : Bahan ujung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2460 : Bukaan ujung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1606 : Gaya ujung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1297 : Jenis ujung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1281 : Jenis bead ban
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1501 : Jenis tembakau
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1607 : Desain pemisah jari kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1322 : Jenis tali kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/847  : Gaya kaki
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2149 : Desain penutup toilet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3116 : Fitur penutup toilet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2159 : Bentuk toilet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2961 : Jenis pemasangan toilet/bidet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2472 : Desain tom-tom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2216 : Ujung kunci alat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3280 : Mobilitas alat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2215 : Pengoperasian alat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2817 : Bahan alat/perkakas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1674 : Jenis pasta gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1675 : Desain tusuk gigi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1193 : Jenis panjang atasan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1400 : Bahan permukaan bagian atas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2223 : Jenis pegangan tas jinjing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2549 : Desain totem
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1881 : Kemampuan sentuh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1882 : Teknologi layar sentuh
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3398 : Tema figur mainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3405 : Jenis alat mainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2896 : Bahan mainan/permainan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1549 : Metrik pelacakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1934 : Tujuan pelacakan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3362 : Aksesori traktor termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3046 : Fitur tampilan pameran dagang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2369 : Pengemasan kartu berseri
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3047 : Fitur perangkat kontrol lalu lintas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2032 : Desain kamera jejak
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2724 : Jenis trailer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2653 : Persyaratan data pelatihan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2766 : Desain trampolin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1586 : Jenis permukaan papan transfer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3272 : Teknik kertas transfer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2699 : Jenis transmisi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3039 : Fitur tempat sampah
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1689 : Bentuk bantal perjalanan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1564 : Tujuan perawatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1756 : Tekstur perawatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1644 : Jenis perawatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2805 : Bahan dudukan pohon
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2108 : Desain terali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2877 : Desain kendaraan roda tiga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2878 : Jenis propulsi kendaraan roda tiga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2166 : Jenis trip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3061 : Jenis pegangan tripod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3060 : Tipe pemasangan Tripod/Monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2009 : Tipe kepala Tripod/Monopod
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2528 : Desain trofi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2747 : Jenis truk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2417 : Komponen tabung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2418 : Konfigurasi tabung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3286 : Desain tuner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1812 : Jenis tuner
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2588 : Desain garpu tala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2589 : Frekuensi garpu tala
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2399 : Mode penalaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2465 : Nada penalaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2400 : Rentang penalaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1792 : Standar USB
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1696 : Perlindungan UV
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3249 : Gaya kaos dalam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1194 : Gaya pakaian dalam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1348 : Satuan pengukuran
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2661 : Frekuensi pembaruan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2797 : Bahan pelapis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1681 : Kondisi penggunaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1672 : Frekuensi penggunaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/843  : Jenis penggunaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2648 : Jenis pengguna
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2656 : Jenis tugas Utilitas/Pemeliharaan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1880 : Dukungan protokol VDI
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1512 : Rasio VG/PG
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1382 : Teknologi penyaringan udara vakum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1280 : Jenis katup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2748 : Jenis van
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1511 : Gaya mengisap vape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2067 : Aplikasi pernis/pelapis
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1355 : Bentuk vas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3214 : Fitur alarm/kunci kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2706 : Area aplikasi kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3199 : Fitur sistem audio kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3201 : Fitur pengereman kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3211 : Fitur item pembersih kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3212 : Fitur dekorasi kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3210 : Fitur penggerak/penanganan kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3204 : Fitur mesin/komponen kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3407 : Jenis knalpot kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3215 : Fitur kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4681 : Konfigurasi lantai kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3213 : Fitur cairan kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3410 : Jenis cairan kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3206 : Fitur rangka/bodi kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3408 : Desain kaca spion kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3207 : Fitur kaca spion kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3409 : Jenis kaca spion kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3202 : Fitur oli kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2713 : Jenis cat kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1271 : Penempatan kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3208 : Fitur jok kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3209 : Fitur suspensi kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2701 : Jenis ban kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2705 : Jenis kendaraan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2607 : Teknologi verifikasi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1963 : Codec/format video yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3168 : Fitur konten gim video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4678 : Format permainan video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2677 : Genre gim video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3380 : Platform gim video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2678 : Subgenre gim video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1916 : Jenis port video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1965 : Kode wilayah video
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1805 : Resolusi video yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2640 : Ketinggian area tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2641 : Lebar area tampilan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1483 : Berbagai macam minuman cuka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1489 : Varietas cuka
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2711 : Viskositas
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2303 : Efek visual
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1942 : Dukungan protokol VoIP
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3185 : Jenis ikan wader
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/37   : Ketinggian pinggang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1449 : Bahan dinding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2077 : Aplikasi penambalan dinding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2174 : Gaya pelat dinding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3005 : Fitur dompet
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1357 : Metode aplikasi kertas dinding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2665 : Tema wallpaper
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2631 : Kategori peringatan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2128 : Bentuk ring
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3141 : Fitur mesin cuci/pengering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1389 : Metode pencucian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1377 : Program pencucian
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1202 : Gaya aksesori jam tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1201 : Layar jam tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3008 : Fitur jam tangan
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2951 : Bahan jam tangan/tali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1407 : Penggunaan filter air
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1249 : Olahraga air
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2737 : Jenis kontrol mesin perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3216 : Fitur perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2739 : Jenis pemasangan motor perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2863 : Jenis propulsi perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2743 : Jenis roda kemudi perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2755 : Jenis perahu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2893 : Metode penggunaan malam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2279 : Jenis malam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2105 : Desain pelapis cuaca
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3325 : Metode aplikasi perlengkapan cuaca
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2104 : Aplikasi pelapisan cuaca
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2033 : Desain webcam
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1233 : Aktivitas barbel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1234 : Jenis barbel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2392 : Jenis bobot
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1552 : Satuan berat yang didukung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3059 : Fitur helm las
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1314 : Kekerasan roda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1315 : Penempatan hub roda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2704 : Jenis komponen roda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1283 : Jenis roda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1587 : Jenis kursi roda
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1469 : Gaya wiski
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1470 : Varietas wiski
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1940 : Pita Wi-Fi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1847 : Standar Wi-Fi
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3024 : Fitur penggulung
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2730 : Desain mesin kerek
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2807 : Bahan dekorasi jendela
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2869 : Gaya papan selancar angin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1526 : Desain rak anggur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1475 : Kemanisan anggur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1476 : Varietas anggur
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3032 : Fitur dispenser/penghangat tisu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1722 : Pewangi tisu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1753 : Kemasan tisu
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2341 : Ketebalan kawat
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2903 : Bahan Kawat/Tali
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2451 : Item perawatan alat musik tiup sudah termasuk
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3389 : Kapasitas kerja
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2309 : Desain karangan bunga
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2757 : Jenis kapal pesiar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2312 : Kategori bobot benang
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2296 : Gaya tarikan ritsleting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2268 : Jenis zoom
