# Shopify Product Taxonomy - Attributes: 0.18.0
# Format: {GID} : {Attribute name}

gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2649 : AI application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2703 : ATV/Off-road tire type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2184 : Abrasive material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1460 : Absinthe style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1461 : Absinthe variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/894  : Absorbency level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2972 : Absorbent hygiene product features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2529 : Academic level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2956 : Accessory material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/50   : Accessory size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2461 : Accordion tuning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1598 : Active ingredient
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2995 : Activewear clothing features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/5    : Activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1547 : Activity tracker design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1543 : Acupuncture model format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1544 : Acupuncture model type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3376 : Additional animation software features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3378 : Additional design software type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3373 : Additional financial software features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3377 : Additional graphic software features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3379 : Additional publishing software features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3372 : Additional security software features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2319 : Adhesive type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3354 : Aftershave product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/30   : Age group
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2274 : Age restrictions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2708 : Air freshener form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3182 : Air mattress features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3329 : Airbrush feed type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3328 : Airbrush operation method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2287 : Album type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1362 : Alert type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1451 : Allergen information
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1577 : Allergen test type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1631 : Allergens
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3138 : Allergy-friendly features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1800 : Amplifier class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2690 : Amplifier configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1808 : Amplifier/Booster suitable location
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1258 : Anchor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2198 : Anemometer application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1883 : Angles supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1289 : Angling style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2550 : Animal feed form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1308 : Animal type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1828 : Antenna type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3340 : Anti-agin skin care type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2710 : Antifreeze type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1316 : Application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1639 : Applicator material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3344 : Applicator type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2314 : Applique/Patch shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2980 : Aquarium filter features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1708 : Aquarium light spectrum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3228 : Aquarium overflow box design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1302 : Archery activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2888 : Archery equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1303 : Archery style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2496 : Arrangement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2883 : Arrow fletching material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2969 : Arrow/Bolt material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2299 : Art fixative application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2386 : Art style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2930 : Art/Crafting tool material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2796 : Artwork frame material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2666 : Artwork type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3387 : Assisted braking technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1737 : Attachment method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/844  : Attachment options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1267 : Attachment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1806 : Audio D/A converter (DAC)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1822 : Audio codecs/formats supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1813 : Audio connectivity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3309 : Audio mixer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1801 : Audio output channel
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1802 : Audio output format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3066 : Audio player/recorder features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1818 : Audio purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1803 : Audio technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3074 : Audio/Scan converter features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3370 : Authentication technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2374 : Authenticity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2016 : Auto focusing modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2613 : Autoclave sterilization method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2361 : Autograph type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2583 : Automation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2526 : Award design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2525 : Award occasion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1426 : Awning construction type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2823 : Awning design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1836 : BIOS type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1759 : Baby drink packaging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1758 : Baby food flavor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1761 : Baby formula format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1717 : Baby gift items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1720 : Baby health items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3026 : Baby monitor features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1762 : Baby snack flavor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1763 : Baby snack texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2997 : Baby/Toddler clothing features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3029 : Baby/Toddler equipment safety features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3103 : Baby/Toddler furniture features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3318 : Baby/Toddler furniture items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3254 : Baby/Toddler hat style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3247 : Baby/Toddler hosiery style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3107 : Baby/Toddler seat features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3246 : Baby/Toddler sleepwear style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1531 : Back type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2047 : Background design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2185 : Backing material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1527 : Backrest type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2958 : Bag closure
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2222 : Bag strap type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3365 : Bag style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2725 : Bag type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3006 : Bag/Case features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2784 : Bag/Case material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3258 : Bag/Case storage features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3100 : Bakery items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3360 : Bakeware items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1394 : Bakeware pieces included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2813 : Bakeware shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1486 : Baking purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2812 : Baking sheet material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2844 : Ball material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1206 : Ball size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2505 : Balloon kit items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2506 : Balloon shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2242 : Band strength
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2507 : Banner design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2860 : Bar mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1902 : Barcode scanner interface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1903 : Barcode supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1648 : Barrel material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3359 : Barware items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2810 : Barware material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1660 : Base oil
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1471 : Base spirit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1795 : Base type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1970 : Baseball/Softball ball type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2798 : Basket material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2846 : Basketball equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2462 : Bass button configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2845 : Bat material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1209 : Bat standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3319 : Bathroom furniture items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2141 : Bathtub base design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3117 : Bathtub features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2142 : Bathtub skirt shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2398 : Baton grip design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1926 : Battery cell type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3087 : Battery features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3196 : Battery management features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1682 : Battery size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1856 : Battery technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1571 : Battery type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2318 : Bead shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2401 : Beat subdivisions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1546 : Bed pan type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3108 : Bed/Frame features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1441 : Bedding pieces included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1259 : Bedding size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1453 : Beer style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1454 : Beer variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2579 : Bell design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2580 : Bell sound
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2721 : Belt type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/41   : Best uses
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2213 : Bevel type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1976 : Beverage product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1771 : Bib design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1275 : Bicycle brake type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3184 : Bicycle features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2233 : Binder ring shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1319 : Binding mount
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2237 : Binding style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2959 : Binocular/Monocular design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3122 : Biometric monitor accessory features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3218 : Bird cage/stand design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3219 : Bird food form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3220 : Bird food ingredients
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3221 : Bird treat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2508 : Birthday candle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3293 : Birthday candle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3099 : Bitter variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1220 : Blade curve
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2189 : Blade design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1388 : Blade material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1251 : Blade type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2614 : Blending type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2808 : Blind/Shade style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1578 : Blood test kit components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1255 : Board concave shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3191 : Board game features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2759 : Board game mechanics
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2092 : Board material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2264 : Board mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1256 : Board profile
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2267 : Board surface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1312 : Board type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2754 : Boat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1563 : Body area
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3259 : Body jewelry type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2190 : Body material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3331 : Body paint/foundation type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1678 : Body/Facial hair type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1371 : Boiler system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2123 : Bolt form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2538 : Book cover type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2966 : Book/File cover material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2230 : Bookmark design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2231 : Bookmark shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1204 : Boot style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1284 : Boot type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2015 : Borescope design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2390 : Bottle closure type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1768 : Bottle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1691 : Bottle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3044 : Bottle warmer/sterilizer features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2221 : Bottle/Container closure
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2938 : Bow hair material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2970 : Bow material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3187 : Bow/Crossbow features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2726 : Box type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1195 : Bra closure type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1196 : Bra coverage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2996 : Bra features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1191 : Bra strap type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3250 : Bra style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1192 : Bra support level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3260 : Bracelet design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2115 : Bracket/Brace design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1462 : Brandy variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1663 : Breath sprays certifications
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3090 : Bridge/Router advanced features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2228 : Brightness levels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1408 : Bristle material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1603 : Bristle shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2885 : Broadhead/Field point material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3279 : Brush application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1613 : Brush head usage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2792 : Brush material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2346 : Brush size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1685 : Brush type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1391 : Bug type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2912 : Building board material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2076 : Building consumable form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3397 : Building toy type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1437 : Bulb cap type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1438 : Bulb shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1435 : Bulb size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2573 : Bulldozer blade type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2632 : Bullet protection level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3068 : Bullhorn features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2566 : Bullion form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1292 : Butt cap material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2295 : Button/Snap closure type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3123 : CBD ingredients
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1790 : Cabinet type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2908 : Cable housing material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1892 : Cable shielding
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1276 : Cable type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2720 : Cage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3368 : Calculator accessory type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3159 : Calculator features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2238 : Calendar format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3153 : Calendar/Organizer features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3390 : Cam system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2018 : Camera HD type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2006 : Camera attachment
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2002 : Camera button/knob type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2000 : Camera control type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2017 : Camera display technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3062 : Camera features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1997 : Camera gear type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1979 : Camera lens type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1995 : Camera mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1998 : Camera sensor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1330 : Camera shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2277 : Candle kit items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2836 : Candle material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2801 : Candle shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2278 : Candle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1494 : Canned meat variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1431 : Canopy material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2334 : Canvas finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2928 : Canvas material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2335 : Canvas texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2709 : Car freshener fragrance
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1742 : Car seat installation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1743 : Car seat orientation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2746 : Car type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1266 : Carabiner gate type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2872 : Carabiner shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2366 : Card attributes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2521 : Card design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2517 : Card format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2520 : Card holder design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3312 : Card/Adapter installation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2336 : Care instructions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2226 : Carry options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1746 : Carrying positions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1984 : Carrying type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2597 : Cart design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2749 : Cart type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1825 : Cartridge type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1798 : Case type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2691 : Cassette adapter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1699 : Cat age group
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1702 : Cat litter formula
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2320 : Celebration type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/98   : Chain link type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2728 : Chain type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3049 : Chair/Sofa features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2265 : Chalkboard surface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3035 : Changing mat/tray features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2714 : Charger type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2682 : Charging cable type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2683 : Charging level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1870 : Chassis type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2055 : Chemical application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2058 : Chemical container type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2611 : Chemical grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2057 : Chemical product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2612 : Chemical purity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2056 : Chemical safety features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2552 : Chicken feed stage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2874 : Child seat placement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2574 : Chipper technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2596 : Chiropractic table design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2192 : Chuck type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1502 : Cigar body
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3070 : Circuit board features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2164 : Circuit breaker design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2163 : Circuit breaker panel form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2165 : Circuit breaker type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2482 : Clarinet key system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/108  : Clasp type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1655 : Claw design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2954 : Clay/Slip texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2735 : Cleaner purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1779 : Cleaning instructions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1387 : Cleaning purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1378 : Cleaning surfaces
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2733 : Cleat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1268 : Climbing activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2248 : Clip type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3388 : Clipper/Trimmer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1442 : Closure style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/80   : Closure type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2779 : Clothing accessory material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3001 : Clothing features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1298 : Club subset
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1299 : Club type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2070 : Coating/Sealant application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2509 : Cocktail decoration design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1490 : Coffee creamer variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1398 : Coffee input type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1977 : Coffee product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1477 : Coffee roast
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1413 : Coffee/Tea set pieces included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1509 : Coil connection
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2931 : Coin material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2861 : Collar lock type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2011 : Collar/Mount compatible device
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2012 : Collar/Mount design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1    : Color
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1962 : Color accuracy standards
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1989 : Color saturation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3072 : Communication device features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2555 : Communication protocols
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2871 : Compass style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1888 : Compatible HDCP
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2679 : Compatible aircraft type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2412 : Compatible amplifier
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1705 : Compatible aquarium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1764 : Compatible baby bottle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1749 : Compatible baby carrier type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1752 : Compatible baby chair type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1751 : Compatible baby transport type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1212 : Compatible ball type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1924 : Compatible battery technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1231 : Compatible bench positions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1270 : Compatible bike type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2396 : Compatible brass instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2452 : Compatible clarinet type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1600 : Compatible cosmetic tools
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1930 : Compatible device
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2426 : Compatible drum configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2416 : Compatible electric/acoustic instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1905 : Compatible electronic card type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1232 : Compatible exercises
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1944 : Compatible filament
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2042 : Compatible film type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2456 : Compatible flute type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1967 : Compatible game format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1420 : Compatible gardening tool
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1430 : Compatible hammock design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2457 : Compatible harmonica type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2409 : Compatible instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2421 : Compatible keyboard configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1605 : Compatible makeup
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2019 : Compatible memory cards
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1794 : Compatible microphone thread
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1898 : Compatible motherboard form factor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2458 : Compatible oboe type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2443 : Compatible orchestral string instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2590 : Compatible patient profile
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2423 : Compatible percussion instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2774 : Compatible play vehicle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2692 : Compatible player
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2338 : Compatible printer
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1837 : Compatible processor series
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2642 : Compatible programming languages
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1402 : Compatible recipes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1968 : Compatible resolution
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1748 : Compatible seat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2667 : Compatible software platform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2524 : Compatible special effects device
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3148 : Compatible stove top type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2433 : Compatible string instrument
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1750 : Compatible stroller type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1369 : Compatible vacuum type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1714 : Compatible vehicle
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1588 : Compatible walking aid equipment
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1235 : Compatible weight lifting accessory
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2643 : Compliance certifications
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1831 : Component output type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1829 : Component package type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1966 : Compression format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1595 : Compression level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1897 : Computer accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1871 : Computer form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3078 : Computer server features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3077 : Computer specialized features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2463 : Concertina button configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2360 : Condition
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1652 : Conditioner effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1557 : Condom type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2144 : Connecting thread
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2028 : Connection method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1811 : Connection type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1272 : Connectivity technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2129 : Connector design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1830 : Connector gender
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1969 : Console system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1629 : Constitutive ingredients
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2770 : Construction set theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1990 : Contrast
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1955 : Contrast ratio (typical)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2413 : Control functions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2558 : Control method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1359 : Control technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1331 : Control type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2556 : Controller design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2559 : Controller drive type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1986 : Converter functionality
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2584 : Conveyor operation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1493 : Cooking method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1487 : Cooking wine variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3361 : Cookware items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3147 : Cookware/Bakeware features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2811 : Cookware/Bakeware material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1872 : Cooling technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2118 : Cord fastening system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3155 : Corrector features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2494 : Corsage/Boutonnière design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1857 : Cosmetic condition
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1614 : Cosmetic finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1630 : Cosmetic function
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2564 : Costume theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2577 : Counter shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2364 : Country
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1784 : Cover closure design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3012 : Cover features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1341 : Cover material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2707 : Cover type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2659 : Coverage region
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3277 : Craft cutter/embosser type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3278 : Craft decoration maker type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2345 : Craft knife design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3273 : Craft pipe cleaner design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2321 : Craft project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2329 : Craft/Sculpting project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3015 : Crafting frame/stretcher features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3013 : Crafting mat/pad features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2873 : Crampon attachment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2293 : Creative art project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3104 : Crib/Toddler bed features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2849 : Cricket equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1589 : Crutch type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2375 : Crystal system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1239 : Cue style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1240 : Cue type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1241 : Cue wrap
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1495 : Cuisine
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1447 : Culinary botanical name
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/17   : Cup size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1650 : Curler type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1791 : Currency
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2610 : Currency type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2654 : Customer support channels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3367 : Cutter options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1422 : Cutting method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1278 : Cycling style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3069 : DJ equipment features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3310 : DJ software compatibility
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1858 : Data network
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2782 : Decoration material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2348 : Decorative stamp design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2365 : Denomination
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3349 : Dental floss shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1664 : Dental floss thickness level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3350 : Dental floss type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3351 : Dental mouthgard recommended use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1665 : Dental mouthguard certifications
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2563 : Dental paste flavor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2561 : Dentistry items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1667 : Denture base color
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3352 : Denture coverage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3353 : Denture design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1668 : Denture teeth color
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2650 : Deployment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3154 : Desk organizer features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1570 : Detailed ingredients
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1579 : Detectable drugs
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3357 : Detector operation mode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2582 : Detector sensitivity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1368 : Detector type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3027 : Developmental features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/845  : Device interface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2197 : Device technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3392 : Dexterity skills
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3364 : Diaper bag additional features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1754 : Diaper kit components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3037 : Diaper organizer features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1757 : Diaper size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1573 : Diaper type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2761 : Dice shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1834 : Dielectric type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1452 : Dietary preferences
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3098 : Dietary supplements
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1567 : Dietary use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2768 : Difficulty level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2048 : Diffuser design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1809 : Digital sound processing
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1414 : Dinnerware pieces included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1379 : Dirt separating method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2575 : Discharge type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2662 : Disk format type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1384 : Dispenser type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3166 : Display board features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1730 : Display color mode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3176 : Display features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2046 : Display mode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2548 : Display recommended use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1334 : Display resolution
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2622 : Display sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1248 : Display technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3054 : Disposable glove features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2994 : Disposable/Reusable bag features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2950 : Disposable/Reusable item material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3386 : Dive computer items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2866 : Diving regulator style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2864 : Diving/Snorkeling equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1703 : Dog age group
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3225 : Dog diaper type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3226 : Dog toy type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3399 : Doll type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3192 : Doll/Playset features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2080 : Door closer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2085 : Door frame finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2089 : Door glass finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3322 : Door insulation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2086 : Door knob function
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1520 : Door material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2087 : Door stop placement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1724 : Door stopper design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2090 : Door suitable location
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2091 : Door surface finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1521 : Door type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2960 : Door/Frame application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1747 : Double stroller configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2146 : Drain location
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2280 : Drawing/Painting kit items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3014 : Dress form features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3244 : Dress occasion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3245 : Dress style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3120 : Drill features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2604 : Drilling method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2605 : Drilling rig orientation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2820 : Drinkware material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1415 : Drinkware pieces included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2217 : Drive size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2576 : Drive type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2470 : Drum configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3287 : Drum hardware adjustability
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2934 : Drum hardware material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1492 : Dry bean variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1380 : Dry/Wet cleaning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2134 : Dryer technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1601 : Drying speed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3326 : Duct design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2135 : Duct shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1950 : Duplexing technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3111 : Durability features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1381 : Dust container type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2638 : Dust mask type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1223 : Dynamic level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1878 : E-book formats supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1510 : E-cigarette/Vaporizer style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1506 : E-liquid flavor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1507 : E-liquid variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2904 : E-reader display technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2672 : ESRB rating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3197 : EV battery features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2688 : EV battery type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2686 : EV connector/adapter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2687 : EV conversion kit components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3132 : Ear care application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3064 : Earphone features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1636 : Earplug use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3261 : Earring design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2078 : Edge style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2818 : Edge type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2657 : Education level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1353 : Egg decorating items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3296 : Egg turning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3292 : Electronic drum components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2927 : Embellishment/Trim material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2288 : Embellishments
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2327 : Embossing project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2454 : Embouchure hole shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1363 : Emergency items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2623 : Emergency/Safety sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1945 : Enclosure type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1370 : Energy efficiency class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1956 : Energy efficiency class (HDR)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1957 : Energy efficiency class (SDR)
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2175 : Engine design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2176 : Engine purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2694 : Engine type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2527 : Engraving
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3156 : Envelope features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2514 : Envelope seal design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2371 : Era
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1936 : Ethernet LAN interface type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1372 : Evaporation technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2275 : Event type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2859 : Exercise equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2858 : Exercise equipment material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2979 : Exercise machine features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1838 : Expansion slots
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2026 : Exposure control
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2492 : Extended saxophone range
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3051 : External defibrillator features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1365 : Extinguisher rating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1366 : Extinguishing agent type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1404 : Extraction type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1609 : Extractor tip style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1656 : Eye pillow shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1618 : Eye shadow effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1602 : Eyelash applicator design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2833 : Eyelash material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3333 : Eyelash type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2946 : Eyepiece/Adapter material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3257 : Eyewear frame design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2842 : Eyewear frame material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2841 : Eyewear lens material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2777 : Fabric
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3276 : Fabric structure
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3342 : Face area
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3335 : Face powder type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3406 : Faceplate design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2625 : Facility sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3337 : False nail application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2122 : Fastener finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2926 : Fastener material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1219 : Fastener type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1479 : Fat content
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2145 : Faucet thread
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2989 : Features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2261 : Feed system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1851 : Feet type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3133 : Feminine sanitary supply features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2107 : Fencing components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2310 : Fiber art project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3301 : Field flatness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2663 : File format type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2832 : File shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1342 : Filler material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1343 : Filler support
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2715 : Filler type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1361 : Film application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1991 : Film format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2027 : Film type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2816 : Filter material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1706 : Filter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1953 : Filtering modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2633 : Filtration class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2865 : Fin material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1250 : Fin pocket type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1254 : Fin profile
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1906 : Fingerprint capture method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1346 : Finial shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2062 : Finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3358 : Fire extinguisher items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1514 : Firmness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1712 : First aid kit components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1562 : First aid kit usage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3265 : First steps/crawlers style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1709 : Fish type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1293 : Fishing rod action
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1294 : Fishing rod power
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2880 : Fishing wire material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/35   : Fit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2696 : Fit type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1352 : Fixation type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1347 : Flag shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2719 : Flare type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3400 : Flash card theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1993 : Flash modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1994 : Flash type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2915 : Flashing material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3266 : Flat shoe style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2821 : Flatware material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1416 : Flatware pieces included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1458 : Flavor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2387 : Flavor profile
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1320 : Flexibility rating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3274 : Floral wire design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1484 : Flour/Grain type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1765 : Flow rate type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3356 : Flue type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2522 : Fluid type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2157 : Flush system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2484 : Flute configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2307 : Foam form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1981 : Focus adjustment
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1996 : Focus device type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1982 : Focus type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2262 : Fold type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1744 : Folding mechanism
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2669 : Font style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2814 : Food bag material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1410 : Food dispenser type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1978 : Food product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2815 : Food storage material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2670 : Footage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2427 : Footboard type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2783 : Footwear material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1392 : Format supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1760 : Formula level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2376 : Fossil type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2895 : Foundation material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1637 : Fragrance
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1755 : Fragrance level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2266 : Frame design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3137 : Frame style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3300 : Frequency type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2201 : Frequency weighting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1804 : Frequency/Radio bands supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1478 : Fruit source
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2109 : Fuel additives
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3114 : Fuel container features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2110 : Fuel grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2113 : Fuel purity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1927 : Fuel source
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2177 : Fuel supply
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3102 : Furniture/Fixture features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2786 : Furniture/Fixture material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2660 : GPS compatible device
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3088 : GPS device features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3374 : GPS map type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3375 : GPS software focus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2510 : Game components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2511 : Game difficulty
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3190 : Game features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2512 : Game name
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2760 : Gameplay skills
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1245 : Games included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1417 : Gardening use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1375 : Garment steamer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2962 : Gases detected
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1727 : Gate mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2697 : Gauge type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2843 : Gear material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1290 : Gear ratio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1282 : Gearing type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1488 : Gel strength
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2535 : Genre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2377 : Geological era
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2502 : Gift bag handle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1718 : Gift set format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1463 : Gin variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2302 : Glaze finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2106 : Glazing type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3019 : Glue gun features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3281 : Glue gun technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1625 : Glue strength
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1972 : Golf ball type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2882 : Golf equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2367 : Grading
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1992 : Grain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2391 : Grape variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1873 : Graphics card type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3313 : Graphics tablet accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3081 : Graphics tablet specialized features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2897 : Gravel/Substrate material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1405 : Grease filter material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2428 : Grip texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1216 : Grip type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2186 : Grit type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1721 : Grooming kit format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3288 : Guitar fitting/part type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2479 : Guitar size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2098 : Gutter fitting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3112 : Gutter style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1959 : HDR format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2137 : HVAC control type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2898 : Habitat material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1645 : Hair care finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3346 : Hair care items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1647 : Hair care technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3332 : Hair color/shade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1643 : Hair loss type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3347 : Hair shear type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3348 : Hair styling items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3135 : Hair styling tool features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1199 : Hair type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2920 : Hammer head material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1208 : Hand side
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3183 : Hand warmer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2581 : Handcuff lock type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2194 : Handle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1669 : Handle grip texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1295 : Handle material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1597 : Handle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1849 : Handset type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3003 : Handwear features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2780 : Handwear material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3255 : Handwear type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1530 : Hanging chair design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1459 : Hard cider variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3086 : Hard drive features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3314 : Hard drive form factor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3315 : Hard drive installation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2634 : Hardhat class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2255 : Hardness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2081 : Hardware finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2790 : Hardware material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2132 : Hardware mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2094 : Hardwood lumber grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1269 : Harness closure type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2481 : Harp size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2093 : Hatch suitable location
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2636 : Hazmat suit design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2485 : Headjoint cut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1807 : Headphone jack type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1814 : Headphone style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3004 : Headwear features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3124 : Hearing aid features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2828 : Hearing aid material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1654 : Heat function
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1485 : Heat level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1649 : Heat settings
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2825 : Heat source
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1499 : Heating instructions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1772 : Heating method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1773 : Heating speed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/128  : Heel height type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3267 : Heel shoe type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2404 : Height adjustment
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2639 : Helmet shade design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2717 : Hitch class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1274 : Hitch type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2852 : Hockey equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1646 : Hold level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2130 : Hook design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2352 : Hook grip design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2353 : Hook size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2731 : Hook type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1288 : Hoop shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1286 : Horse category
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2879 : Horse grooming accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2919 : Hose material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1919 : Host interface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3317 : Hub/Switch storage options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3289 : Humidifier design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1450 : Humidity control
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3297 : Humidy control
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3391 : Hunting blind design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2870 : Hunting/Survival knife design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1565 : Ice pack type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2664 : Icon type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2169 : Ignition system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2620 : Illumination technique
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2020 : Image formats supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1999 : Image sensor size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2718 : Immobilizer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2282 : Incense fragrance
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3270 : Incense kit items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2283 : Incense type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2651 : Industry focus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1715 : Infant age group
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3385 : Inflation method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1569 : Ingredient category
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2449 : Ingredient origin
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1385 : Ingredients
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2347 : Ink application technique
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2301 : Ink form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2305 : Ink type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1310 : Inline skating style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2419 : Input/Output ports
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1899 : Instruction set architecture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2933 : Instrument accessory material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1908 : Instrument controller type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2940 : Instrument material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2936 : Instrument part material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2937 : Instrument string material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3285 : Instrument support type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2776 : Instrument/Accessory finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2913 : Insulation material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2063 : Intended application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2466 : Interface type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1874 : Internal drive form factor supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3000 : Intimate apparel features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2689 : Inverter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2518 : Invitation personalization design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3142 : Ironing features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2680 : Item condition
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2948 : Item material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2493 : Item style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1237 : J-cup type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3275 : Jewelry finding type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2781 : Jewelry material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2313 : Jewelry project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2285 : Jewelry set type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/60   : Jewelry type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3172 : Joint connection
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3173 : Joint face type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1242 : Joint style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3382 : Jump rope design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2765 : Jumping surface material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1824 : Karaoke modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2112 : Kerosene application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2138 : Key purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2473 : Keyboard action
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1909 : Keyboard format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3291 : Keyboard key type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1911 : Keyboard layout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1914 : Keyboard port type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3082 : Keyboard specialized features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1912 : Keyboard switch type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1879 : Keyboard type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1335 : Keypad style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2383 : Kit construction type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1411 : Kitchen utensil items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3320 : Kitchen/Dining furniture items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1253 : Kitesurfing style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1263 : Knife type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2953 : Knitting/Padding project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2414 : Knob function
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2415 : Knob style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2116 : Knob/Handle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1885 : LNB output
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1886 : LNB technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3011 : Labeling project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2615 : Laboratory freezer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2851 : Lacrosse equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2732 : Ladder type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3369 : Lamination mode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2041 : Lamp type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1733 : Language
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2536 : Language version
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2270 : Laser light source
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2196 : Lathe application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3145 : Laundry detergent features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2254 : Lead grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3233 : Leash design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2330 : Leather/Vinyl texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2271 : Lectern mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1852 : Leg lock type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1853 : Leg sections
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1985 : Lens cap compatible device
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1693 : Lens coating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2249 : Lens configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1987 : Lens filter effects
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1988 : Lens filter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/77   : Lens polarization
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3303 : Lens storage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1694 : Lens type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2957 : Lens/Slide material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2646 : License type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1786 : Lid type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3175 : Life jacket features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2229 : Light attachment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1360 : Light control
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2008 : Light design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2021 : Light exposure modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2050 : Light filtering
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1740 : Light options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1333 : Light source
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1574 : Light spectrum
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1244 : Light temperature
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2742 : Light type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2982 : Lighting features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3056 : Lighting options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2247 : Line spacing options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2729 : Line/Rope type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1621 : Lip gloss effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3336 : Lip liner design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1622 : Lipstick effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1464 : Liqueur variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2551 : Livestock food ingredients
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2117 : Load capacity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2723 : Loading ramp type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1374 : Loading type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2738 : Lock placement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1236 : Lock type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1726 : Locking mechanism
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2388 : Lovibond
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1676 : Lubricant application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1677 : Lubricant composition
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2060 : Lubricant dispenser type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2397 : Lubricant form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2914 : Lumber/Wood type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2407 : Lyre/Flip folder attachment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2430 : MIDI connectivity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1797 : MP3 player accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2547 : MPAA rating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1350 : Magnet type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2616 : Magnification
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3334 : Makeup color/shade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3130 : Makeup features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2935 : Mallet material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2681 : Manufacturer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3089 : Marine navigator features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2256 : Marker tip design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1619 : Mascara effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1594 : Mask type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2910 : Masonry material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2061 : Masonry product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2839 : Massage stone texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1528 : Massage technique
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2964 : Mat base material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2788 : Mat/Rug shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/4    : Material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2148 : Material firmness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1222 : Material hardness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3002 : Maternity clothing features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3252 : Maternity sleepwear style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3109 : Mattress features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2617 : Maximum magnification
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1550 : Measuring method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1554 : Measuring type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1496 : Meat cut
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1500 : Meat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2539 : Media access
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2546 : Media content type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1823 : Media format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2542 : Media section
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2540 : Media theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3126 : Medical alarm features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3330 : Medical identification type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2601 : Medical syringe purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2826 : Medical tape material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2963 : Medicine/Supplement form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2362 : Medium
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2487 : Melodica style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1900 : Memory channels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1875 : Memory form factor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2031 : Memory storage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1840 : Memory technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1638 : Menstrual cup shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3050 : Metal detector features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2131 : Metal molding application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2741 : Meter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1551 : Metrics supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1796 : Microphone thread
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1815 : Microphone type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2378 : Mineral class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2618 : Minimum magnification
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2560 : Mirror handle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1827 : Mixer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1736 : Mobile mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1738 : Mobile movement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3073 : Mobile phone case features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1582 : Mobility scooter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3127 : Mobility/Accessibility equipment features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2395 : Model control technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2393 : Model train accessory type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3022 : Model train theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1867 : Modulation method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3341 : Moisturizer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2955 : Mold/Cut shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2097 : Molding application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2119 : Molding shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2795 : Monitor mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2905 : Monitor shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2007 : Monitor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3085 : Monitor/Screen specialized features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1841 : Motherboard chipset family
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1842 : Motherboard form factor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3071 : Motherboard memory features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1734 : Motion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2793 : Motion sensor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2162 : Motor starting method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2698 : Motor vehicle placement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2695 : Motor vehicle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2750 : Motorcycle drive type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2716 : Motorcycle glove purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2702 : Motorcycle tire type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2751 : Motorcycle/Scooter type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2789 : Mount material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3023 : Mount/Stand features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2794 : Mounting hardware
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1205 : Mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3080 : Mouse pad features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1915 : Mouse port type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1917 : Mouse technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3083 : Mouse/Trackball features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3381 : Mouthgard design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2483 : Mouthpiece
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1843 : Multi-GPU technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3128 : Muscle stimulator design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1793 : Music genre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2441 : Music stand design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2488 : Musical key
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3338 : Nail art items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3131 : Nail care features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1623 : Nail design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3339 : Nail polish drying form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1624 : Nail shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2673 : National/Regional rating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1958 : Native aspect ratio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3129 : Nebulizer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1591 : Nebulizer technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3262 : Necklace design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/32   : Neckline
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2354 : Needle eye type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2602 : Needle gauge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1545 : Needle material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2355 : Needle size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3271 : Needlecraft kit type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2054 : Negative/Slide storage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2848 : Net material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2855 : Net mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1895 : Network cable interface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1937 : Network protocols supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1938 : Networking standards
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1198 : Nightgown style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1769 : Nipple material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1767 : Nipple shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1770 : Nipple type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2884 : Nock material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2516 : Noise intensity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3366 : Notepad design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1666 : Nozzle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1739 : Nursery theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1782 : Nursing cover coverage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1783 : Nursing pad design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2902 : Nursing pillow shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1491 : Nut butter variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2124 : Nut form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1508 : Nut processing method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3101 : Nut/Seed type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1419 : Nutrient content
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2489 : Oboe key system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2490 : Ocarina style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1627 : Occasion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1203 : Occasion style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3158 : Office cart features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2924 : Office instrument material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2922 : Office supply material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1440 : Oil type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3248 : One-piece style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2626 : Open/Closed sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1728 : Opening direction
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1729 : Opening mechanism
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2587 : Operating mode
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1859 : Operating system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1373 : Operation method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1877 : Optical drive type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1695 : Optical frame design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2022 : Optical zoom
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2727 : Organizer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1383 : Orientation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2975 : Outdoor equipment features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3321 : Outdoor furniture items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1432 : Outdoor power accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1264 : Outdoor walking activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2998 : Outerwear clothing features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1931 : Outlet type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2434 : Output level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1835 : Output waveform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1403 : Oven accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1593 : Oxygen tank valve type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3311 : PCB type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2674 : PEGI rating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1941 : PSTN connectivity options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1723 : Pacifier/Teether design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1456 : Package type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2272 : Packing materials included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2608 : Pad display profile
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1608 : Pad type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2891 : Paddle equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3383 : Paddle/Oar material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2232 : Page layout
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2207 : Paint brush design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2712 : Paint finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2306 : Paint medium type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2298 : Paint type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2952 : Paint/Dye form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2889 : Paintball/Airsoft equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2929 : Painting canvas material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1810 : Pairing method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2343 : Palette design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2342 : Palette knife shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1890 : Panel specification
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1891 : Panel termination
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1178 : Pants length type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3251 : Pantyhose style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2290 : Paper finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2291 : Paper format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2234 : Paper size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2292 : Paper texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2240 : Paper type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2263 : Paperweight design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2308 : Papier mache shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1301 : Parachuting activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1844 : Parallel processing technology support
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3200 : Parking camera features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2627 : Parking sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1832 : Passband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1412 : Pasta shape type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1498 : Pasta type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3    : Pattern
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2357 : Pattern distribution format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2422 : Pedal polarity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2257 : Pen type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2967 : Pen/Felt tip design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3162 : Pen/Pencil features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3371 : Pencil sharpener design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2258 : Pencil type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2432 : Percussion stand design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2429 : Percussion tip shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2652 : Performance metrics
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1671 : Peroxide content
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3217 : Personal watercraft type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2504 : Personalization design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1719 : Personalization options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1418 : Pest control method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2984 : Pet apparel/bedding features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2986 : Pet control accessory features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3238 : Pet dietary preferences
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1700 : Pet dietary requirements
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1701 : Pet food flavor
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3222 : Pet food form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3223 : Pet food supplements
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3230 : Pet hair dryer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3231 : Pet hair dryer speed settings
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3234 : Pet medical collar design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3235 : Pet medical supply type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1711 : Pet monitor items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3232 : Pet nail tool type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3237 : Pet spray/solution type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1698 : Pet supply product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3229 : Pet thermometer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3236 : Pet trainer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1704 : Pet treat texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3224 : Pet treat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2557 : Phase type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2023 : Photo effects type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2043 : Photographic chemical form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2044 : Photographic paper size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2045 : Photographic paper type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3025 : Piano additional features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2474 : Piano pedals
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2475 : Piano size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2440 : Pick design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3290 : Pickup design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2435 : Pickup mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2437 : Pickup position
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2436 : Pickup type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2553 : Pig feed stage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1327 : Pile type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1785 : Pillow shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2356 : Pin size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2862 : Ping pong equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3174 : Ping pong robot features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2140 : Pipe clamp design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1503 : Pipe shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2519 : Piñata design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2161 : Placement supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1445 : Plant characteristics
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1338 : Plant class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1339 : Plant name
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2822 : Plant support material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1651 : Plate type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3294 : Play equipment items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3395 : Play slide design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3402 : Play vehicle propulsion
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3295 : Play yard design features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1964 : Playback disc formats
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1826 : Player drive type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1217 : Player position
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3095 : Player/Recorder specialized features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2764 : Playhouse design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1925 : Plug type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2069 : Plumbing primer application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2143 : Plumbing trap design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2208 : Plunger shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2095 : Plywood grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2585 : Pneumatic conveyor operation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1943 : PoE standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2244 : Point design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1913 : Pointing device
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1816 : Polar pattern
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1887 : Polarization
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2965 : Pole/Post material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2628 : Policy sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2834 : Polish dry form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1626 : Polish remover form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2736 : Polish type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2468 : Polyphony
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1634 : Portability
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3021 : Postage stamp features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2389 : Potential extract
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1789 : Potty training kit components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1788 : Potty/Toilet seat design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1221 : Power source
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1580 : Pregnancy test sensitivity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3165 : Presentation supply features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2621 : Preservation type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3403 : Pretend electronics toy type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3404 : Pretend housekeeping toy type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2644 : Primary region
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2064 : Primer use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1946 : Print technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1947 : Printer accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1952 : Printer functions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3091 : Printer/Copier specialized features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1949 : Printing color
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2372 : Printing method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1901 : Processor cores
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1869 : Processor family
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1845 : Processor socket
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1817 : Processor technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1620 : Product benefits
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1261 : Product certifications & standards
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1285 : Product form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2065 : Product formulation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2545 : Product manual area
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1566 : Product sterility
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2515 : Program format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2051 : Projection design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2907 : Projector light source
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2114 : Propane application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2740 : Propeller blade design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2562 : Prophy cup design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1433 : Propulsion type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2635 : Protection type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3057 : Protective gear features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3302 : Protective mask design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3058 : Protective mask features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2541 : Publication frequency
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2530 : Publication type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1238 : Pull-up bar
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1778 : Pump accessories
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1780 : Pump speed settings
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2847 : Punching/Training bag material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2772 : Puppet theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2773 : Puppet type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2769 : Puzzle theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3396 : Puzzle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1307 : Quiver style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1337 : RFID frequency
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2578 : Rack design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2722 : Rack type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1227 : Racket gauge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2854 : Racket material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2856 : Racket string design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2857 : Racket string material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1954 : Radar bands
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3316 : Radar technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1848 : Radio case design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1311 : Ramp type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1731 : Range type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2368 : Rarity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1679 : Razor flexibility
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1680 : Razor head design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1686 : Razor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1918 : Read/Write speed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3401 : Reading toy type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3157 : Receipt paper features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1658 : Reclining function
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2758 : Recommended age group
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1218 : Recommended skill level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2082 : Recommended use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2491 : Recorder fingering system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1821 : Recording accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2246 : Recording quality
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2752 : Recreational vehicle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2450 : Reed strength
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2039 : Reel capacity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2049 : Reflector design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3198 : Regenerative braking features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1467 : Region
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2676 : Region code
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2544 : Release schedule
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2001 : Remote technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1860 : Removable storage formats supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3239 : Reptile/Amphibian food form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3240 : Reptile/Amphibian habitat supply type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2531 : Research focus
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2532 : Research methodology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1230 : Resistance level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1229 : Resistance system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1581 : Result display
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2629 : Retail/Sale sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3308 : Reticle plane
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2036 : Reticle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1318 : Riding style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2775 : Riding toy propulsion type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2700 : Rim/Wheel design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3263 : Ring design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/105  : Ring size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2125 : Rivet form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2630 : Road sign design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2379 : Rock composition
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2380 : Rock formation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1257 : Rocker type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1296 : Rod material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1329 : Rod shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1610 : Roller head
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1611 : Roller material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1612 : Roller type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1358 : Roof decor shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2447 : Rosin form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2448 : Rosin grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2183 : Rotating direction
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1884 : Rotator control technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3136 : Rug/Mat features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2787 : Rug/Mat material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1465 : Rum grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2523 : SFX control technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1861 : SIM card capability
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1855 : SIM card type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1713 : SPF level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2968 : Saddle material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1716 : Safety certifications
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1725 : Safety device installation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2949 : Safety equipment material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1732 : Safety rail installation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2756 : Sailboat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3264 : Sandal style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2181 : Sandblaster application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2182 : Sander type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2187 : Sanding application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1865 : Satellite coverage area
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1866 : Satellite network type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3363 : Sauna accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2195 : Scaffolding mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2381 : Scale model accessory type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3284 : Scale model kit type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2932 : Scale model material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2382 : Scale model theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2599 : Scalpel blade number
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3053 : Scalpel blade shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2600 : Scalpel handle number
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3092 : Scanner features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1904 : Scanner sensor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3256 : Scarf/Shawl style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2024 : Scene modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2344 : Scissor blade type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3304 : Scope design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3305 : Scope lens type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2037 : Scope/Sight design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3063 : Scope/Sight features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3170 : Scoreboard features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2289 : Scrapbook paper type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1424 : Screen material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2003 : Screen/Display design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1497 : Seafood type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2384 : Seal stamp design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1628 : Season
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2405 : Seat cushioning
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2406 : Seat shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1537 : Seat structure
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1518 : Seat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1939 : Security algorithms
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2139 : Security level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1332 : Sensor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2988 : Sensor/Measuring tool features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2323 : Sequin/Glitter shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2645 : Service type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2339 : Sewing foot type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2340 : Sewing machine part category
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1300 : Shaft flex
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2178 : Shaft orientation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1653 : Shampoo type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/73   : Shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1197 : Shapewear support level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1684 : Shaving cream formulation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1687 : Shaving kit components
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2066 : Sheen/Gloss level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2567 : Shelf material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2890 : Shell/Frame material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2916 : Shingle/Tile material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1321 : Shoe binding type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3009 : Shoe features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/846  : Shoe fit
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/87   : Shoe size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2025 : Shooting modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2147 : Shower base design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2791 : Shower curtain mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2152 : Shower design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3118 : Shower features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3327 : Shower opening type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2167 : Shrink ratio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2099 : Shutter finish
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2917 : Siding material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2363 : Signature placement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2004 : Silencer/Blimp type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2154 : Sink mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2155 : Sink type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2881 : Sinker material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2778 : Size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1313 : Skateboarding style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2868 : Ski construction
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1317 : Skiing style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2358 : Skill level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1617 : Skin care effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2991 : Skin care features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3343 : Skin care mask type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1615 : Skin tone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1616 : Skin undertone
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3253 : Skirt style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1190 : Skirt/Dress length type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1515 : Slat material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/15   : Sleeve length type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3268 : Slipper style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3393 : Slot machine type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3241 : Small animal food form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3242 : Small animal food ingredients
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3243 : Small animal habitat/cage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1960 : Smart TV platform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3007 : Smart watch features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3269 : Sneaker style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2867 : Snorkel shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2894 : Snowboard construction
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1325 : Snowboard design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1323 : Snowboarding style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2753 : Snowmobile type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2214 : Socket driver tip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2170 : Socket type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1406 : Soda maker accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1480 : Soda variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3169 : Softball discipline
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2052 : Softbox mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2053 : Softbox shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3167 : Software features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2655 : Software tool type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2096 : Softwood lumber grade
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2172 : Solar cell type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2173 : Solar panel connections
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2171 : Solar panel design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2071 : Solder/Flux application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1376 : Soleplate type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1599 : Solubility
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1690 : Solution type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2072 : Solvent/Thinner application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1741 : Soothing sounds
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2420 : Sound controls
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2431 : Sound effects
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3323 : Sound insulation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2402 : Sound options
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2411 : Speaker configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1819 : Speaker design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3065 : Speaker features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1820 : Speaker technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2693 : Speakerphone type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1273 : Speed settings
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2121 : Spike design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2224 : Spinner type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1466 : Spirit dilution
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1868 : Splitter use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3079 : Splitter/Switch features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1604 : Sponge shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1291 : Spool material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3283 : Sports logo
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2370 : Sports theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1787 : Spout type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2014 : Spreader type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1434 : Sprinkler head type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2767 : Sprinkler shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2349 : Squeegee blade design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1928 : Stack configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1766 : Stage
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1583 : Stair lifts control type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3113 : Staircase features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1585 : Staircase type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2373 : Stamp theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2251 : Stamp type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3282 : Stand/Display type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2243 : Staple wire gauge
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3161 : Stapler features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1401 : Star rating
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2179 : Start type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2685 : Station type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1393 : Stationery binding type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2497 : Stem length
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2734 : Step type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1775 : Sterilization cycle time
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1777 : Sterilization instructions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1776 : Sterilization method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2593 : Stethoscope design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2594 : Stethoscope technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2850 : Stick material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1324 : Stiffness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2840 : Stimulator tip shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2838 : Stone material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1661 : Stone name
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2322 : Stone shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1662 : Stone type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1833 : Stopband
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1920 : Storage drive interface type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1846 : Storage drive interfaces supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1922 : Storage drive type installed
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1921 : Storage media type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2180 : Storage tank application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1876 : Storage types supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1364 : Stove airflow
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3151 : Stove top type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2442 : Strap design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2513 : Straw/Stirrer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2591 : Stretcher/Gurney intended use
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2477 : String instrument size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1306 : String material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2990 : Stroller features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1745 : Stroller wheel type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1351 : Style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1799 : Stylus type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2533 : Subject area
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1864 : Subscription type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2981 : Substrate features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1781 : Suction levels
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1935 : Suitable for angling type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2554 : Suitable for animal type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2294 : Suitable for art technique
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1697 : Suitable for bird type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3384 : Suitable for boat type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3355 : Suitable for body/facial hair
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3227 : Suitable for breed size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1980 : Suitable for camera type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2005 : Suitable for camera/optics device
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1971 : Suitable for camping activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1344 : Suitable for chair type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3150 : Suitable for container type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2300 : Suitable for crafting material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2083 : Suitable for door type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3298 : Suitable for egg type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2281 : Suitable for fabric type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1367 : Suitable for fire class
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1710 : Suitable for fish type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1397 : Suitable for food processor type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1354 : Suitable for furniture type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1641 : Suitable for hair type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2059 : Suitable for material type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1390 : Suitable for pest type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2191 : Suitable for pipe type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1448 : Suitable for pool type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3152 : Suitable for power equipment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2831 : Suitable for precious material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1948 : Suitable for printer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1559 : Suitable for skin type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1975 : Suitable for snowshoeing activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1538 : Suitable for storage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1673 : Suitable for toothbrush
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2586 : Suitable for vehicle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2133 : Suitable for water feature type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1707 : Suitable for water type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2038 : Suitable for weapon type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3119 : Suitable installation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1539 : Suitable location
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1214 : Suitable space
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2225 : Suitcase handle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2111 : Sulfur content
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1446 : Sunlight
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2830 : Support/Brace material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2824 : Surface texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3178 : Surfboard features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2029 : Surveillance camera design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2030 : Surveillance camera mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3299 : Surverying accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1200 : Suspender style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1356 : Sustainability
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2939 : Swab material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2999 : Swimwear features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1228 : Swing style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1210 : Swing weighting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2168 : Switch control type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1889 : Switching method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2469 : Synthesis method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2199 : System of measurement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1575 : System range
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2235 : Tab style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2819 : Tableware material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2245 : Tack/Pushpin head design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2220 : Tag fastening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3345 : Tampon absorbency level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3134 : Tampon features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1633 : Tan type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2203 : Tape material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2537 : Target audience
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/837  : Target gender
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1425 : Targeted pests
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1386 : Targeted stains
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1482 : Tea input type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1572 : Technology level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1896 : Telephone cable interface
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1850 : Telephone style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3306 : Telescope level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3307 : Telescope tracking system
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3094 : Television specialized features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2351 : Temperature
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1774 : Temperature control
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1555 : Temperature measurement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2668 : Template type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2446 : Tension
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1468 : Tequila variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2609 : Terminal operation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1326 : Terrain
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1553 : Test format
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1576 : Test method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1556 : Test sample
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2892 : Tetherball equipment included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3020 : Textile craft machine features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2315 : Textile craft project type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1558 : Texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1568 : Texture level
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/134  : Theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2204 : Thermal detector type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2205 : Thermocouple type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2219 : Thickness type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2126 : Thread direction
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2127 : Threaded rod size
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3010 : Ticket additional features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2276 : Ticket type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2101 : Tile design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3394 : Tile game type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3324 : Tile installation method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2102 : Tile look
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2918 : Tile material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2103 : Tile texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2534 : Time period
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2403 : Time signatures
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2202 : Time weighting
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3042 : Timepiece features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2040 : Timer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1439 : Timer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2603 : Tip design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1635 : Tip material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2460 : Tip opening
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1606 : Tip style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1297 : Tip type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1281 : Tire bead type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1501 : Tobacco type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1607 : Toe spacer design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1322 : Toe strap type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/847  : Toe style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2149 : Toilet cover design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3116 : Toilet cover features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2159 : Toilet shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2961 : Toilet/Bidet mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2472 : Tom-tom design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2216 : Tool key tip
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3280 : Tool mobility
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2215 : Tool operation
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2817 : Tool/Utensil material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1674 : Toothpaste type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1675 : Toothpick design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1193 : Top length type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1400 : Top surface material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2223 : Tote handle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2549 : Totem design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1881 : Touch capabilities
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1882 : Touchscreen technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3398 : Toy figure theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3405 : Toy tool type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2896 : Toy/Game material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1549 : Tracking metrics
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1934 : Tracking purpose
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3362 : Tractor accessories included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3046 : Trade show display features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2369 : Trading card packaging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3047 : Traffic control device features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2032 : Trail camera design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2724 : Trailer type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2653 : Training data requirements
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2766 : Trampoline design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1586 : Transfer boards surface type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3272 : Transfer paper technique
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2699 : Transmission type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3039 : Trash can features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1689 : Travel pillow shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1564 : Treatment objective
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1756 : Treatment texture
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1644 : Treatment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2805 : Tree stand material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2108 : Trellis design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2877 : Tricycle design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2878 : Tricycle propulsion type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2166 : Trip type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3061 : Tripod handle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3060 : Tripod/Monopod attachment type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2009 : Tripod/Monopod head type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2528 : Trophy design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2747 : Truck type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2417 : Tube component
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2418 : Tube configuration
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3286 : Tuner design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1812 : Tuner type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2588 : Tuning fork design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2589 : Tuning fork frequency
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2399 : Tuning modes
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2465 : Tuning pitch
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2400 : Tuning range
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1792 : USB standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1696 : UV protection
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3249 : Undershirt style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1194 : Underwear style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1348 : Units of measurement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2661 : Update frequency
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2797 : Upholstery material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1681 : Usage conditions
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1672 : Usage frequency
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/843  : Usage type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2648 : User type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2656 : Utility/Maintenance task type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1880 : VDI protocol support
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1512 : VG/PG ratio
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1382 : Vacuum air filtering technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1280 : Valve type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2748 : Van type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1511 : Vaping style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2067 : Varnish/Finish application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1355 : Vase shape
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3214 : Vehicle alarm/lock features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2706 : Vehicle application area
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3199 : Vehicle audio system features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3201 : Vehicle braking features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3211 : Vehicle cleaning item features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3212 : Vehicle decor features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3210 : Vehicle drive/handling features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3204 : Vehicle engine/part features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3407 : Vehicle exhaust type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3215 : Vehicle features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3213 : Vehicle fluid features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3410 : Vehicle fluid type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3206 : Vehicle frame/body features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3408 : Vehicle mirror design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3207 : Vehicle mirror features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3409 : Vehicle mirror type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3202 : Vehicle oil features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2713 : Vehicle paint type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1271 : Vehicle placement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3208 : Vehicle seating features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3209 : Vehicle suspension features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2701 : Vehicle tire type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2705 : Vehicle type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2607 : Verification technology
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1963 : Video codecs/formats supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3168 : Video game content features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2677 : Video game genre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3380 : Video game platform
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2678 : Video game sub-genre
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1916 : Video port type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1965 : Video region code
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1805 : Video resolution supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2640 : Viewing area height
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2641 : Viewing area width
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1483 : Vinegar drink variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1489 : Vinegar variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2711 : Viscosity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2303 : Visual effect
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1942 : VoIP protocol support
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3185 : Wader type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/37   : Waist rise
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1449 : Wall material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2077 : Wall patching application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2174 : Wall plate style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3005 : Wallet features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1357 : Wallpaper application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2665 : Wallpaper theme
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2631 : Warning category
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2128 : Washer form
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3141 : Washer/Dryer features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1389 : Washing method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1377 : Washing programs
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1202 : Watch accessory style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1201 : Watch display
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3008 : Watch features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2951 : Watch/Band material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1407 : Water filter application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1249 : Water sport
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2737 : Watercraft engine control type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3216 : Watercraft features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2739 : Watercraft motor mounting type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2863 : Watercraft propulsion type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2743 : Watercraft steering wheel type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2755 : Watercraft type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2893 : Wax application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2279 : Wax type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2105 : Weather strip design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3325 : Weather supply application method
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2104 : Weatherization application
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2033 : Webcam design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1233 : Weight bar activity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1234 : Weight bar type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2392 : Weight type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1552 : Weight unit supported
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3059 : Welding helmet features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1314 : Wheel hardness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1315 : Wheel hub placement
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2704 : Wheel part type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1283 : Wheel type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1587 : Wheelchair type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1469 : Whiskey style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1470 : Whiskey variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1940 : Wi-Fi band
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1847 : Wi-Fi standard
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3024 : Winder features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2730 : Windlass design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2807 : Window treatment material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2869 : Windsurfing board style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1526 : Wine rack design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1475 : Wine sweetness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1476 : Wine variety
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3032 : Wipe dispenser/warmer features
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1722 : Wipe fragrance
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/1753 : Wipe packaging
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2341 : Wire thickness
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2903 : Wire/Rope material
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2451 : Woodwind care items included
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/3389 : Work capacity
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2309 : Wreath design
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2757 : Yacht type
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2312 : Yarn weight category
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2296 : Zipper pull style
gid://shopify/TaxonomyAttribute/2268 : Zoom type
